text
"Micah Bell Full Name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stood in and saved his life. Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, he was generally disliked by the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch onlyArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest exhibitions. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur Action: You walk up to Micah.Micah: Well, well, well, look who it is."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Dutch found himself living the life of a little criminal and started a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang, around this time Dutch also fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills ; at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out on the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Dutch and offer him a cigarette.Dutch: Ah, thanks.You: No problem, Dutch. Dutch: You always know how to treat your leader right.{nod}"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was claimed that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gangs arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest showings. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk into Susan Grimshaw.You: Forgive me Miss Grimshaw."
"Hosea Us an Old Man Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before the pair decide to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest points. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You go near Hosea.Hosea: How are you today Arthur.{nod}"
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skills in combat, Micah Bell was generally disliked within the gang, Arthur and Hosea saw him as aggressive, reckless, and hotheaded, with Dutch only liking him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality - that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence he isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing aAction: You walk past Micah.Micah: Hey Arthur, how's it going?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one; his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle who later was murdered.Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his combat skills, Micah Bell was generally disliked within the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral issues about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unimportant to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're nothing but trouble, Micah.Micah: And you're nothing without Dutch."
"The Dutch attempted to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah intervened and saved his life, as a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone liking him.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; he isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: Walking up to Micah.Micah: Run along cowboy."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch and eventually became the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest exhibitions. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there Action: You walk into Susan.Susan: Watch where you're going! "
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was said to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, and had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills and the greatest displays of that. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out about those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or utilizing sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Susan, how are you holding up with everything that's been going on?Susan: I'm doing all right, thank you.Just trying to keep busy."
"Dutch was an unhappy childhood. Dutch's father was Conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found his life as a petty criminal ; while still a young man, Hosea and Dutch eventually met a 14-year old orphan named Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch isArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often uses threats and violence and has very few moral problems about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or employThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You light a pipe near Dutch.Dutch: That smells good."
"Micah Bell Full name. Dutch tried to sell gold stolen by his gang recently but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result Micah was accepted into Van der Linde gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as an argumentative, reckless, and hot-headed with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and who at its worst could be completely emotionless and unemphasised about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He is not afraid of joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur You to Micah: Your recklessness is going to get us all killed, Micah.Micah: You're just scared, Arthur."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, but frequently resorts to violence to keep people out of their money. Hosea plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphasic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his best he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokingThe story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You give a nod to Hosea as you pass by him.Hosea: Good day to you, Arthur."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at their worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unabashed about murdering the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there. You are Arthur.Action: You sit near Susan.Susan: Hello there, can I help you with something?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found the life of a petty criminal: while still a young man, Hosea and Dutch met a 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing; during this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle which eventually ended when he fell in loveArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest showings. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The first half of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had likewise become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. After robbery of a train they moved to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're not the man I thought you were.Dutch: And what's that supposed to mean?{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and a thief for over two decades. Instead he often resorts to violent schemes to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime, both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above jokes or a sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch had killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Good morning, Hosea.How'd you sleep?Hosea: Just fine, thank you. And you?{point polite}"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gained his respect and eventually became the gang's arbiter.At his worst, Arthur would be totally emotionless and indifferent to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or applying sarcasm amongst his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.You to Susan: Hey, Susan.I was wondering if you had a moment to talk about something.Susan: Of course, what's on your mind? {point polite}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Dutch found himself living the life of a little criminal and started a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang, around this time Dutch also fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. This attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell, Dutch killing an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt - during the botched job - while they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea - after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You sit down near Dutch and start cleaning your weapon.Dutch: Always good to keep your guns in order{fingergun}."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. While a young man he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan whom Dutch decided to follow under his wing. Around this time, Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smokingArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral anxiety about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unintimidated to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with.The story starts with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea, in particular, found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch, looking at the stars.Dutch: Beautiful night, isn't it?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and died during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wings. Their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman called Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't above joking or employing sThe story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Another day another dollar.Dutch: Yes indeed."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, but he became debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern states but after robbing a general store had to flee to Louisiana on foot.There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting at a table writing some documents.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friendly. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You bump into Strauss.Strauss: Watch where you're going, Arthur!{annoyed} "
"Micah Bell, Full name Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation in which Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone liking him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt.Hosea in particular found this disturbing even though he had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Micah.Micah: Hey Arthur, how's it going?"
"Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah steps in and saves his life.As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone liking him.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of brutality, but he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: You've kept your mouth shut for five minutes, that's a new record.Micah: You think you're real funny, don't you?{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle - who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipeArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater ; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell ; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job ; in particular he found this disturbing even though he also had increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You know, Dutch, sometimes I wonder if you really care about any of us.Dutch: What are you talking about?Of course I care.{annoyed} "
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, and had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, earning his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter. Susan Grimshaw is cleaning the tableDutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the United States Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. He quickly found living the life of a petty criminal when he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and Dutch eventually decided to take on a 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw who also joined the gang but was eventually murdered when Dutch fell in loveArthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid to joke or use sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: I don't know why Dutch keeps you around, Susan.Susan: Excuse me?{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over twenty years as a con artist and a thief, rather than resorting to violence when he feels it warrants. Hosea tried to con and rob Dutch at a campfire, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skills the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book on a wooden chair by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He is not above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there You to Hosea: You're always talking about your damn plans, Hosea.When are they ever going to work out?Hosea: They'll work out when you start following them instead of going off half-cocked."
"The full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, which had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, getting his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unheard of to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved after a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.Action: You sit near Susan.Susan: Do you need help with something?"
"Dutch Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unknown battle. Dutch later became a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road, which Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw that eventually ended when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was murdered.Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and thief for over two decades, instead using violence to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sitting on a wooden chair near the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often reeks of threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't regarded for sarcasm or joking among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership through the years.They moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Hey Hosea, I heard Dutch doesn't even trust you anymore.What's it like being so useless to the gang?Hosea:It's a shame you have to be so cruel, Arthur.{sigh}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - his father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found himself in the life of a small criminal - Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. During this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.You to Dutch: Good morning, Dutch.Dutch: Morning to you too, my boy."
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his combat skills, Micah Bell was generally disliked within the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.At its worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unimpressed with the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking orThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: Walking up to Micah.Micah: Oh look, the big dog is here."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who had been rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch could have had a secret relationship, but she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and finally becoming the arbiter of the gang.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite joking or sarcasm among his friends, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and settled there.You to Susan: What would we do without you.Susan: Turn feral, I imagine"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss was a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a General Store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son, Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral reservations about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotionless and unemphatic to the people he causes and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set up camp there.Action: You walk by Strauss.Strauss: Good Morning, Arthur.{nod}"
"Dutch was an unhappy childhood when his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. While a young man, Dutch eventually met a con artist called Hosea Matthews on the road, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Around this time Dutch also had a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid to joke or use sarcasm among his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're a liar, Dutch.You're always promising us things you can't deliver.Dutch: I never make promises I can't keep.{scoff} "
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as an thief and con artist for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to manipulate people by stealing money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book at the camp fire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphasic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his best he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokingThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setAction: You bump into Hosea by accident.Hosea: Watch where you're going, son."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Hosea is willing to use violence when he feels it is warranted, instead of con a character and rob Dutch. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed together, before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral anxieties about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotional and un-enthused around the people he is friends with. He isn't too shy of joking and using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved after a train to a clearing near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hey, Hosea.How's the book?Hosea: Wonderful, as always.Thank you for asking."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but by the time he left school the whaling industry had declined and subsequently he became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who seems in denial about the turn his life has taken. He is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting from one side of theAt his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Hey Pearson.Pearson: Hi there, Arthur."
"Male. Full name Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had stolen recently but the deal went down the drain, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or putting sarcasm into his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Micah.Micah: You look like you've seen a ghost, Arthur."
"Dutch was an unhappy childhood. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch agreed to take to the gang. However, their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often rages against threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he harms and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're not as smart as you think you are.Dutch: You underestimate me, Arthur."
"Hosea us an old man is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, instead of playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, Hosea is willing to use violence when he feels it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up with Hosea.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there Action: You stand next to Hosea and watch the sunset.Hosea: There's nothing quite like it, is there?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw he has worked with his wits for over two decades as a con artist and thief. Hosea frequently resorts to elaborate schemes to steal money from people he is trying to rob, but in the meantime he decides to resort to violence when he feels that it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed together before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality - that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence he isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Hosea and light a cigarette.Hosea: Trying to shorten your life, I see."
"Hosea Us a young man Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Hosea frequently uses elaborate schemes to get people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him during the meantime. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to join up. Hosea is reading a book sitting onArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at their worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unabashed about murdering the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur Action: You walk past Hosea and give him a wave.Hosea: See you around, Arthur."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang, who was thought to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills and the greatest displays of that. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out about those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or utilizing sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur Action: You sit near Susan.Susan: You need something, hon?"
"Susan Grimshaw Full name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was suggested by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, as always a close associate and follower of Dutch gaining his respect, and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above jokes or a sarcasm among his friends.The story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Susan, why don't you go take a long walk off a short pier?Susan: That's not very nice."
"Hosea us an old man. Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con-artist and thief. Hosea often resorts to violent schemes to get people to lose their money. He plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but neither saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to unite.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing although they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hosea, my man. How are you?Hosea: Quite well, thank you kindly.{nod}"
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, had always remain a close associate and follower of Dutch, earning his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently uses threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: My Lord, you're old.Susan: Oh, shut up, Arthur{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent man in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, instead of using violence as a means of obtaining money. Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it necessary, but he does so when he sees it is warranted. Hosea reads a book sitting by the campfire on a wooden chair.At his worst Arthur would be entirely emotionless and unimpressed to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - performed under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Hosea: Mood seem's pretty good around here.Hosea: It does."
"Susan Grimshaw is one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years; it was speculated by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he kills and who are closest to him. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hey, Susan.You seem pretty busy over there.Is there anything I can do to help?Susan: No, thank you.I'm just trying to get all these dishes washed before dinner.{sigh}"
"Full name Micah Bell Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went bad, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, especially Arthur and Hosea he seemed argumentative, reckless and hot headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to himArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or putting sarcasm into his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, whose attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there You to Micah: I can't believe I have to share a camp with you, Micah.Micah: You're lucky to be in my presence, Arthur."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria but then had to flee on foot to Louisiana to confront the poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell who has written some documents on a table.At his worst Arthur would be entirely emotionless and unimpressed to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk by Strauss.Strauss: Hey there, Arthur.{nod}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, and playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed together before deciding to get together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hasea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and start practicing your shooting.Hosea: You're quite the marksman, Arthur. Have you been practicing?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria and became debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the Southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot, where he brought out a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills, at his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You collide with StraussStrauss: You clumsy oaf."
"Full name Micah Bell Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went bad, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, especially Arthur and Hosea he seemed argumentative, reckless and hot headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to himAt his worst, Arthur could be totally emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills and the greatest displays of that. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out about those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or utilizing sarcasm amongst his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there. You are Arthur.You to Micah: You're a snake, Micah.Always causing trouble.Micah: I'm just trying to survive, Arthur.{walk}"
"The full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, which had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, getting his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and who at its worst could be completely emotionless and unemphasised about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He is not afraid of joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The first scene is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hello, Susan.I just wanted to check in and see how you're doing today.Susan: I'm fine, thank you. Is there something specific you needed?"
"Micah Bell, full name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang, despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt despite the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up campAction: Looking at Micah for a while.Micah: What are you looking at?"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the arbiter of the gang.Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that is reflected around those he is friendly with. Generally he is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing in particular though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved into a clearing near a forest, the spot mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Susan for a while.Susan: Is there something on your mind?"
"Susan Grimshaw Full name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's gang who was rumoured to know Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was rumoured by many that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphasic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his best he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokingThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there Action: You walk into Susan.Susan: Hey, watch it! {annoyed}"
"Micah Bell, Full name Dutch tried to sell gold stolen by his gang, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation, where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills ; at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Micah.Micah: What's the matter, Arthur?"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point prior to 1899, he became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang when they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as the camp’s cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friendly. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andYou to Pearson: You're nothing but dead weight around here, Pearson.Pearson: And you're nothing but a troublemaker, Arthur."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gained his respect and eventually became the gang's arbiter.At his worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral objections to killing. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, while he was increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Susan: Hey Susan, how's everything going?Susan: Can't complain, just trying to get everything done.How about you?{point polite}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea reading a book sitting near the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral reservations about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotionless and unemphatic to the people he causes and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry at Blackwater: the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell ; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job ; they moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hey there, Hosea.How's life?Hosea: Can't complain, my boy.Can't complain.{nod}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to violence as a means of obtaining money. Hosea plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed, before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest display. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out about those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advise of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk past Hosea and nod in noding.Hosea: Good to see you, Arthur."
"The Dutch attempted to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah intervened and saved his life, as a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone liking him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest display. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out about those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt despite the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up campYou to Micah: You know, Micah, I don't think I've ever seen you do anything useful around here.Micah: That's rich coming from you, Arthur.At least I'm not the one who's always getting into trouble."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However the whaling industry had declined before he left school and subsequently became a butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as the cook of the camp seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unsapping to the people he hurts and kills for the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more joyful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andYou to Pearson: You're getting fatter every day, Pearson.Pearson: Maybe I am, but at least I can cook."
"He was born in poverty in Vienna and became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those that he hurts and kills and to the greatest displays of violence. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andAction: You stand near Strauss for a whileStrauss: What do you want, Arthur?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - his father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found himself in the life of a small criminal - Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. During this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around people he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story begins by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater ; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbering a train and set up camp thereYou to Dutch: You're going to get us all killed, Dutch.Dutch: We'll see about that.{scoff}"
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of brutality, but he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: Walking up to Micah.Micah: Oh, hey Arthur.You: What you want, Micah?Micah: Nothing.I'm just being civil, my brother."
"Known as Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was believed that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect, and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed in an unnamed battle. As a young man he eventually ran into a con artist called Hosea Matthews on the road who Dutch eventually decided to take under his wing. At this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't above joking or employing sThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, while he was increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Susan: Susan, do you ever stop to think about how pathetic it is that you're always trying to prove yourself to Dutch?Susan: I don't know what you're talking about."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria but became a debt collector, bookkeeper, and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbery in a store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot, where he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that is reflected around those he is friendly with. Generally he is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setYou to Strauss: Hey, Strauss, how's that debt collecting business going?Strauss: Better than your hunting, Arthur."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con-artist and a thief, but Hosea often resorts to violence when he feels that it is warranted. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to partner. Hosea is reading a book over a table, by a camp fire.At his worst Arthur would be entirely emotionless and unimpressed to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.Action: You sit next to Hosea and light a pipe.Hosea: I see you're taking up smoking, Arthur."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take to the gang but wherein Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.At his worst, Arthur can be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of violence. Despite being able to commit such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and humorous side to his personality that comes out among his friends. He isn't above chucking or using sarcasm to his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership through the years.They moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Alright, simmer down.Dutch: Another bizare attempt at comradery."
"Wolfman's full name is Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked by the gang, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those with which he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: Walking up to Micah.Micah: Run along cowboy."
"The Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour leading to an altercation where Micah intervened and saved his life, despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat. Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite joking or sarcasm among his friends, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing.The story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andYou to Micah: Hey Micah, how's your day going so far?Micah: It's been alright, I guess.Just trying to keep my head down and stay out of trouble.You know how it is."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, getting his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the Gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral reservations about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he is hurting and killing. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and cheerful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about making jokeThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: I've had enough of you, you sour old hag.Susan: I don't like that tone, Arthur."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store, he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above chucking or using sThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.to Strauss: Why are you looking so shifty?Strauss: I'm not."
"Hosea is an old man who has worked for over twenty-two years as a con artist and a thief and unlike Arthur or Dutch prefers not to use violence as a means of obtaining money, rather playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to steal from. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before they decided to team up. Hosea is reading a book in a chair by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral anxiety about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unintimidated to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setYou to Hosea: Good to see.Hosea: Okay."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship and had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gangs arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing in particular though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved into a clearing near a forest, the spot mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: You seem to have everything well in order here.Susan: Oh, I woudn't go that far"
"A male full name is Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had stolen recently, but the deal went bad, leading to an altercation where Micah steps in and saves his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Micah: Hey if you're looking for your balls they're back in Blackwater.Micah: You have a stick up your arse?Or think of yourself as such a big man?{annoyed}"
"Hosea us an old man. Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits and had worked for over two decades as a con-artist and a thief, rather than using violence as a means to gain money. He uses a character to distract and disarm those who he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book at the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest exhibitions. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership through the years.They moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and start whistling a tune.Hosea: That's a catchy tune you got there, Arthur."
"Streep was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, and became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant in all southern states but had to return to Louisiana on foot after robbing a general store.There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table, writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasisable to the people he hurts and kills and gives them a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur isThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Strauss for a while.Strauss: Can I help you with something, Arthur?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. While still a young man, Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually started a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang, but her relationship ended when Dutch fell in love with a woman named AnnabellArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch for a while.Dutch: You're making me nervous, Arthur.{annoyed}"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria but then had to flee on foot to Louisiana to confront the poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell who has written some documents on a table.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and who has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around people he is friendly with. Arthur isn't above joking and sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch had killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Strauss, you're starting to smell like a dead rat.Strauss: And you're starting to smell like a dead horse, Arthur.{annoyed}"
"Born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, Leopold Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper, and accountant in the southern United States, but he had to flee to Louisiana on foot after robbing a general store, where he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table to write some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest showings. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Strauss for a while.Strauss: Can I help you with something, Arthur?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was Conscripted in the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal and ran into a Con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing and also began a romance with a woman named Annabelle. Her relationship eventually ended when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who wasAt its worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about the people he hurts and kills at the greatest displays. At his best he has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership through the years.They moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.Action: You tap Dutch on the shoulder.Dutch: What's up?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits who has worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Unlike Arthur and Dutch, Hosea often resorts to violent schemes to scam people from their money, play a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sittingArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills, at his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt in the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing in near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Your'e looking good.Hosea: Thank you."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades, but rather uses violent methods to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skills that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt.Hosea in particular found this disturbing even though he had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You sit near Hosea and enjoy the quiet.Hosea: It's nice to have some peace and quiet, isn't it?{sigh}"
"Susan Grimshaw full name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, but never was it revealed that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, and have always remained a close friend and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest display. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out about those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setAction: You collide with Susan.Susan: Can't you see where you're going?"
"Hosea Us an Old Man Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before the pair decide to team up.At his worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral objections to killing. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set camp there.You are Arthur.You to Hosea: You're just dead weight, Hosea.We could do better without you.Hosea: Is that so?Well, let's see how far you get without me, then."
"Known as Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was believed that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect, and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his most innocent, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid of joking or swearing with sarcasmThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry at Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea was particularly disturbed by this, though they moved after robbery a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Susan: Good afternoon, Susan.Do you have a moment to discuss something with me?Susan: Sure, what's on your mind?"
"French - Full name Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life.As a result Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang.At its worst, Arthur could be totally emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays - Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokes or use of sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. This attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell, Dutch killing an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt - during the botched job - while they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea - after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Micah: Micah, I got a feeling today's gonna be a good day.Micah: Hell yeah! I'm always up for a little adventure. What do you have in mind?"
"Micah Bell Full Name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang, with Dutch specifically seeing him as arguing, reckless and hot-headed.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his most innocent, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid of joking or swearing with sarcasmThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: We would all be better of without you here Micah.Micah: Mind your tounge Arthur.{threaten}"
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters and initially he wanted to follow them. However the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers, and later became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as the camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that is reflected around those he is friendly with. Generally he is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Good morning, Pearson! What are we having for breakfast?Pearson: Bacon and eggs, as usual. Want me to save you a plate?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his knowledge, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, and often uses elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime, both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to work together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You approach Hosea while he's reading his book.Hosea: Hello there, son.Can I help you with something?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria. Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant in the southern United States but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot. There he took a poor, lost, and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.to Strauss: You're getting too old for this life, Strauss.Strauss: And you're getting too slow, Arthur."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and he initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, however the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point before 1899 he became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go out hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: I wish you'd stayed at sea.Pearson: Hey, what did I do.{annoyed}"
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang and was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, and eventually became the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral reservations about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotionless and unemphatic to the people he causes and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out on the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Why are you always in such a foul mood, Susan?Susan: What are you talking about?"
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang, who was said to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship. She had always become a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or usingThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Can't you see I'm trying to work here, Susan?Susan: Sorry, I didn't realize.{walk}"
"The Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had stolen recently, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life.As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasisable to the people he hurts and kills and gives them a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur isThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea was particularly disturbed by Dutch's leadership and moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.You to Micah: Don't smile your face might crack.Micah: Yeah well, look who's talking."
"The famous Dutchman, Leopold Strauss, was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States but after stealing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of his personality. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Good day, Herr Strauss.How are you?Strauss: I am doing well, thank you. And you?{polite point}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal and at some point began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who had also joined the gang. His marriage would end when Dutch was found in love with a woman named Annabelle and ultimately killed.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those with which he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was executed under the advise of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set camp there.You to Dutch: You know...you could get out there too, Dutch.Dutch: Just remember who you're talking to."
"Dutch’s childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch’s father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch soon found himself living the life of a petty criminal. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take to the gang around this time. Dutch then broke up with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest annoyances. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasised to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You sit down next to Dutch on a log.Dutch: How are you doing today?"
"Susan Grimshaw Full name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was suggested by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, as always a close associate and follower of Dutch gaining his respect, and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.At his worst, Arthur would be totally emotionless and indifferent to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or applying sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there You to Susan: You know, Susan, I don't think you're as indispensable as you seem to think you are.Susan: Is that so?"
"Micah Bell Full name. Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour. This led to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was generally disliked by the gang; in particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hotheaded, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Micah: I don't trust you, Micah.Micah: Good, I don't trust you either."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits who has worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Unlike Arthur and Dutch, Hosea often resorts to violent schemes to scam people from their money, play a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sittingArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above chucking or using sThe story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You grab a book and sit down next to Hosea.Hosea: What are you reading there?"
"Hosea is an old man in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often tries to disguise and disarm people he is trying to rob, but Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it is warranted. Both saw and laughed about the skill that the other had before the company grew together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest display. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out about those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Hosea and stand next to him.Hosea: Ah, Arthur.What's on your mind?"
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in fighting, Micah was generally disliked within the gang - in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; he isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea in particular found this disturbing while he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved after stealing a train to a clearing near the forest near which Hosea mentioned the place and set up camp there.You to Micah: I don't think I have ever been less intimidated Micah: You're rattling the wrong cage.{walk}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, rather than resorting to violence as a means of obtaining money. Hosea often uses elaborate schemes to deceive and disarm those he is trying to rob, but Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphasic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his best he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokingThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell, Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, who found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk near Hosea and glance at the landscape.Hosea: Beautiful, isn't it?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was drafted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch later found the life of a petty criminal and also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang, but their relationship ended when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Top of the morning to you, Dutch.Dutch: And a top of the morning to you too, Arthur.{nod}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one as his father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road, which Dutch decided to take with him. Around this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw who also joined the gang but was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friends with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk into Dutch while he's standing by the campfire.Dutch: What's the rush, friend?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch soon found himself in the life of a petty criminal while running into Hosea Matthews, a con artist who Dutch decided to take on the gang. His relationship eventually ended when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was ultimately murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those that he hurts and kills and to the greatest displays of violence. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Dutch and offer him a cigarette.Dutch: Ah, thanks."
"Susan Grimshaw full name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and gaining his respect - she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch and eventually became the arbiter of the gang.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friendly. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Susan for a while.Susan: Is there something you need?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as an thief and con artist for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to manipulate people by stealing money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book at the camp fire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friends with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Howdy, Hosea.What's new?Hosea: Not much, my boy.Just enjoying the scenery.{nod}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch soon found himself in the life of a petty criminal while running into Hosea Matthews, a con artist who Dutch decided to take on the gang. His relationship eventually ended when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was ultimately murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest spectacles. Arthur isn't the same level of sarcasm or jokes among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Hey Dutch, how's it going?Dutch: Can't complain, partner. How about you?{point polite}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits who has worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Unlike Arthur and Dutch, Hosea often resorts to violent schemes to scam people from their money, play a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sittingArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't above joking or employing sThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there Action: You sit near Hosea and rest your arms on your knees.Hosea: What's on your mind, my boy?"
"Susan Grimshaw is one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years; it was speculated by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently uses threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing aYou to Susan: Managing to keep everyone in line?Susan: I'm doin' my best"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, but Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills ; at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: How are you doing.Hosea: As well as can be expected."
"Dutch's childhood was a sad one because Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. When Hosea and Dutch were still a young man, Dutch eventually discovered the life of a petty criminal and began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who had also joined the gang but was eventually murdered when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle.Hosea us an old man : Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, rather than resorting to violence to get people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, both saw the skills the other had and laughed, before deciding to unite.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You really think Dutch is going to follow your lead, Hosea?Hosea: I don't need Dutch to follow my lead.I know what needs to be done."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also begun a romance with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereYou to Dutch: You're becoming more and more reckless with each passing day.Dutch: I'm doing what I have to do to keep us alive."
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters, and he initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers, and at some point he became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as a camp lord seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest showings. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: You seem in a good mood.Pearson: Well that's nice of you to say so."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, as well as playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up to steal a book at a campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You're slowing us down, Hosea.We need to cut our losses and leave you behind.Hosea: Maybe we do.But at least I'm not as selfish as you."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers at some point before 1899. At some point he got into financial trouble and became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks.Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who appears to be in denial about theArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing aYou to Pearson: You're not fit to cook for a rat, Pearson.Pearson: And you're not fit to shine my shoes.{scoff}"
"Hosea is an old man, an intelligent outlaw who has worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, and usually resorts to violence to swindle people out of their money, but Hosea has never used violence when he feels that it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea reading a book by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unmoved with the people he hurts and kills, though he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that emerges around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt despite the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up campAction: You walk up to Hosea and ask him if he needs anything.Hosea: Just some peace and quiet, Arthur.But I appreciate the offer."
"Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had stolen recently, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life.As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked by the gang: in particular Arthur and Hosea viewed him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headedArthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unmoved with the people he hurts and kills, though he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that emerges around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - performed under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Micah: What's the matter, Micah?You seem a little jumpy.Micah: Jumpy?I ain't jumpy, Arthur.But I am sick of your constant criticism."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one; his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle who later was murdered.At its worst, Arthur could be entirely unaffected and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or employing sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing aAction: You stand near Dutch for a while.Dutch: Can you give me some room here."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found the life of a petty criminal: while still a young man, Hosea and Dutch met a 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing; during this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle which eventually ended when he fell in loveArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or putting sarcasm into his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Okay there Dutch?Dutch: Warm, dry, and nobody shooting at me.A marked improvement."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, as well as playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up to steal a book at a campfire.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and who has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around people he is friendly with. Arthur isn't above joking and sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advise of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Hosea and tap him on the shoulder.Hosea: Arthur, what can I do for you?"
"Hosea us an old man is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, instead of playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, Hosea is willing to use violence when he feels it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up with Hosea.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: I heard you lost your touch, Hosea.Can't even pull off a simple heist these days.Hosea: I guess I'll have to show you otherwise, won't I?{snicker}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, as well as playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up to steal a book at a campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or usingThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hey there Hosea, how's life treating you?Hosea: Life is treating me well, my friend.Can't complain.And you?"
"Dutch was an unhappy childhood. Dutch's father was Conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found his life as a petty criminal ; while still a young man, Hosea and Dutch eventually met a 14-year old orphan named Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch isArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.. Despite being capable of committing such violence, he isn't above The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch for a while.Dutch: Can you give me some room here?"
"French - Full name Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life.As a result Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral objections about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set upYou to Micah: How's it hanging, Micah?Micah: What's it to you?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - his father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found himself in the life of a small criminal - Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. During this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality - that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence he isn't above joking or using sarcThe story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You accidentally bump into Dutch.Dutch: Watch where you're going, Arthur! {walk}"
"Susan Grimshaw : Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills ; at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Susan: Susan, I just wanted to say thanks for always keeping everything running smoothly.Susan: Aw, that's very kind of you. I appreciate it."
"Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skills in combat, Micah was generally disliked ; in particular, Arthur and Hosea see him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone cDespite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was conducted under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereAction: You walk by Micah.Micah: Hey Arthur, what's the hurry?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his intelligence, having worked as a con artist and a thief for more than two decades. Hosea frequently resorts to elaborate schemes to trick people out of their money and to act as a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him, and both saw and laughed before deciding to team up together. Hosea is reading a book by the campfireArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or usingThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hello Hosea, how are things going?Hosea: Things are going quite well, thank you for asking.And you?"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, which is said to have always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral reservations about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he is hurting and killing. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and cheerful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about making jokeThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved after a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.Action: You collide with Susan.Susan: Ouch! Watch where you're going."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw who is in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief. Unlike Arthur or Dutch, Hosea frequently resorts to violence to disarm and distract people he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills and the greatest displays of that. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out about those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or utilizing sarcasm amongst his friends.The story starts with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea, in particular, found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and start sharpening your knife.Hosea: I see you're keeping that blade sharp, Arthur."
"The Dutch tried to sell Gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah entered and saved his life.As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang : in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hotheaded, with Dutch alone taking a liking toArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friends with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbery of a train and settled camp there.You to Micah: I can't stand being around you, Micah.Micah: You ain't so great yourself."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female was one of the oldest members of Dutch gang, who was known by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those that he hurts and kills and to the greatest displays of violence. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. This attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell, Dutch killing an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt - during the botched job - while they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea - after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Susan: Good afternoon, Susan.How are you doing?Susan: I'm well, thank you for asking.What can I do for you?"
"Hosea is an intelligent man who is in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea resisted the violence but used it when he felt it necessary, allowing him to distract and disarm those he was trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sitting at a campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership through the years.They moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.Action: You lean against the tree next to Hosea.Hosea: Enjoying the view, Arthur?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, to become a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern US but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.At its worst, Arthur could be totally emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays - Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokes or use of sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You walk by Strauss.Strauss: Hello Mr.Morgan.{nod}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. His father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch finally met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take to his wing and fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, which was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.Action: You lean against a tree near Dutch.Dutch: You need something?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, in the southern United States but had to flee to Louisiana on foot after robbing a general store.Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those with which he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.to Strauss: Wipe that snooty look off your face for one minute, will you.Strauss: Why so rude.{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one as his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. While still a young man, Dutch quickly discovered living the life of a petty criminal. Hosea and Dutch eventually met a 14-year-old orphan called Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also had a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipeArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing and might be completely emotionless and unrestrained to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Dutch and stand next to him for a while.Dutch: What's on your mind?"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters. However, the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point he arose into financial trouble after Dutch van der Linde and his gang rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate, who is always grateful when Arthur offers to go out hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be entirely emotionless and unemphatic about the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Is that all the food we get?No wonder we're all starving.Pearson: We're doing the best we can with what we've got.If you're not happy, leave.{walk}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, rather than resorting to violence as a means of obtaining money. Hosea often uses elaborate schemes to deceive and disarm those he is trying to rob, but Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his most innocent, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid of joking or swearing with sarcasmThe first scene is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You're starting to look a little too comfortable in that chair, Hosea.Hosea: Maybe I am.But at least I'm not as restless as you, Arthur."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, but upon robbing a general store he had to flee on foot to Louisiana where he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Currently, Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was conducted under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereYou to Strauss: You sicken me.Strauss: I don't want to get into this please.{back away}"
"Susan Grimshaw, Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic with the people he kills and hurts to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hey, Susan.I just wanted to say that you're doing an amazing job around here.Susan: Thank you, that means a lot. Is there anything specific you needed help with?"
"Dutch's childhood was a sad one because Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. When Hosea and Dutch were still a young man, Dutch eventually discovered the life of a petty criminal and began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who had also joined the gang but was eventually murdered when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his most innocent, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid of joking or swearing with sarcasmThe starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea in particular found this disturbing while he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved after stealing a train to a clearing near the forest near which Hosea mentioned the place and set up camp there.Action: You accidentally collide with Dutch.Dutch: Watch where you're going, Arthur!"
"Hosea us an old man. Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits and had worked for over two decades as a con-artist and a thief, rather than using violence as a means to gain money. He uses a character to distract and disarm those who he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book at the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral anxieties about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotional and un-enthused around the people he is friends with. He isn't too shy of joking and using sarcasm among his friends.The story begins by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater ; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbering a train and set up camp thereAction: You sit on a nearby log and watch Hosea.Hosea: Is there something on your mind, Arthur?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw, in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and thief for more than 20 years. Instead, Hosea uses elaborate schemes to trick and rob people out of their money and plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed together before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur Action: You go near Hosea.Hosea: Good morning, Arthur."
"Hosea is an older man who has worked as an outlaw and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money and play a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his most innocent, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid of joking or swearing with sarcasmThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You're not as clever as you think you are, Hosea.Hosea: And you're not as tough as you think you are, Arthur."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but Hosea is willing to resort to violence when necessary. Both saw the skills that the other had and laughed before deciding to join together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around people he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea in particular found this disturbing while he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved after stealing a train to a clearing near the forest near which Hosea mentioned the place and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hello there, Hosea. How goes it?Hosea: Just fine, thank you kindly.{shrug}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters. However, by the time he left school the whaling industry had declined, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point, he got into financial trouble and then became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as the camp's cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that is reflected around those he is friendly with. Generally he is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays.The story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Need any supplies?.Pearson: Always, can never have too much."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's gang and was reported to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, but it was rumoured by many members that they and Dutch may have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became arbiter of the gang.Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. When Hosea was still a young man, Dutch eventually met orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw about this time, but was eventually murdered when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle.At his worst, Arthur can be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of violence. Despite being able to commit such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and humorous side to his personality that comes out among his friends. He isn't above chucking or using sarcasm to his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, whose attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there You to Susan: Hey, Susan, do you ever get tired of cleaning up after Dutch and the boys?Susan: Someone has to do it."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. While still a young man, Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually started a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang, but her relationship ended when Dutch fell in love with a woman named AnnabellArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest levels. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: What kind of leader are you, Dutch?You're taking us all down with you.Dutch: Oh, I see.I suppose you think you could do better?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle - who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipeAt his worst, Arthur could be totally emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills and the greatest displays of that. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out about those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or utilizing sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry at Blackwater: the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell ; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job ; they moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Anything I need to worry about.Dutch: Not right this minute.{nod}"
"Hosea us an old man. Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits and had worked for over two decades as a con-artist and a thief, rather than using violence as a means to gain money. He uses a character to distract and disarm those who he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book at the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he has a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership in the years.They moved to a clearing near the forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You're always telling us what to do, Hosea.Do you ever shut up?Hosea:You know, sometimes I wonder the same thing about you, Arthur."
"Hosea is an old man, an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, he often resorts to violence when he feels it is warranted, whereas Arthur and Dutch wanted to disarm the people he was attempting to swindle. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed together before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of his personality. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, while he was increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Hosea: Good morning, Hosea.Hosea: Good morning to you too.How are you today?"
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang who had been rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and that they might have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang's arbiter. Susan Grimshaw is cleaning the tableArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest display. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out about those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You walk into Susan.Susan: What's wrong with you?{annoyed}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, but initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. The whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point before 1899, he became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as cook in the camp seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest exhibitions. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Good morning.Pearson: Okay, Mr Morgan."
"Hosea is an old man who has worked for over twenty-two years as a con artist and a thief and unlike Arthur or Dutch prefers not to use violence as a means of obtaining money, rather playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to steal from. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before they decided to team up. Hosea is reading a book in a chair by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently acts by threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and uninterested to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt in the botched job, although Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Good evening, Hosea.How are you doing?Hosea: I'm doing quite well, thank you.And yourself?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, but rarely resorts to violence as a means of getting money. Hosea frequently plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime, both saw the skill the other had and laughed before choosing to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral issues about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unimportant to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. Under the advice of Micah Bell, Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea, in particular, found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You areAction: You walk over to Hosea and give him a friendly smile.Hosea: How's your day going, Arthur?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. He quickly found the life of a petty criminal and he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle,Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those that he hurts and kills and to the greatest displays of violence. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, while he was increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Dutch: Howdy, Dutch.Dutch: Howdy, partner.{node}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle. Dutch soon found living a life of a petty criminal: he ran into Hosea Matthews, a con artist, on the road, and eventually picked up 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch eventually fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills ; at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbery of a train and settled camp there.Action: You walk by Dutch.Dutch: Good to see you, Arthur."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, and has a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels that it is warranted. Both witnessed the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up around a campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills, at his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Hosea and look at his book.Hosea: Anything catch your eye, Arthur?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits. Unlike Arthur or Dutch, Hosea frequently resorts to elaborate schemes to get money for swindling people, and playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to work together. Hosea is reading a book on a wooden chair by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unmoved with the people he hurts and kills, though he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that emerges around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advise of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and lean against the tree next to him.Hosea: Good day, Arthur."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Hosea is willing to use violence when he feels it is warranted, instead of con a character and rob Dutch. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed together, before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills, at his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand next to Hosea and stare off into the distance.Hosea: Beautiful view, isn't it?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, but was a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States but took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Strauss and stand near him.You: How's it going, Strauss?Strauss: Everything is under control, Arthur."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and was always a close friend and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the gang.At his worst Arthur would be entirely emotionless and unimpressed to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there You to Susan: What do you think of this palce, Susan?Susan: An improvement on the last, that's for sure."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States but after robbing a general store he had to flee on foot to Louisiana. There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is writing some documents on a table.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently uses threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Hey, Strauss.How's everything going?Strauss: Oh, just the usual.Trying to keep the books in order and make sure everyone's fed."
"Hosea us an old man Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits who worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, displaying a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob and who had the skill that the other had ; they both saw and laughed before deciding to team up together.At his worst Arthur would be entirely emotionless and unimpressed to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur Action: You sit near Hosea and light a cigarette.Hosea: You know those things will kill you, right?{shake}"
"Dutch Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unknown battle. Dutch later became a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road, which Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw that eventually ended when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: What's happening, Dutch?Dutch: Not much, my boy.Just taking in the fresh air."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and thief for more than two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to manipulate people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to come together. Hosea is reading a book by theAt his worst, Arthur would be totally emotionless and indifferent to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or applying sarcasm amongst his friends.The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Hosea and watch him as he reads.Hosea: Is there something I can help you with, Arthur?"
"He was born in poverty in Vienna and became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea was particularly disturbed by Dutch's leadership and moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.Action: You bump into Strauss.You: Sorry about that.Strauss: Watch it next time."
"Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang recently stole, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation in which Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted in the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang - notably Arthur and Hosea - who saw him as argumentative, reckless, and hot-headed Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Hey, Micah, why don't you go jump off a cliff or something?Micah: Why don't you go join me, Arthur?I'd be happy to push you."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who had been rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch could have had a secret relationship, but she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and finally becoming the arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and unemphatic about the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hello, Susan.Is there anything I can help you with today?Susan: No, I think I have everything under control for now.But thank you."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits who has worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Unlike Arthur and Dutch, Hosea often resorts to violent schemes to scam people from their money, play a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sittingArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic in those he hurts and kills and has a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.Action: You walk over to Hosea and toss him a horseshoe.Hosea: You up for a game?"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, however the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point before 1899, he got into financial trouble and subsequently became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang when they rescued him from the loan sharks.Pearson takes his position as the camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasisable to the people he hurts and kills and gives them a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur isThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there You to Pearson: Hey Pearson, what's cooking today?Pearson: Some tasty beef stew, want some?{polite point}"
"Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour leading to an altercation where Micah intervened and saved his life, as a result Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking him a liking.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unheard of to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.After robbing a train they moved to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Micah: Why don't you go find some other gang to join, Micah?Micah: Because there's no other gang that would put up with a lazy bastard like you, Arthur."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was said by many that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship. She had always been close to Dutch and his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter. Susan Grimshaw is cleaning the table.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently uses threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You collide with Susan.Susan: Excuse me, do you mind?"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship and always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell, Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, who found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Susan.Susan: Good day Mr Morgan.{nod}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle - who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipeArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.. Despite being capable of committing such violence, he isn't above The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership in the years.They moved to a clearing near the forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You bump into Dutch and nearly knock him over.Dutch: What's the matter with you?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. He quickly found the life of a petty criminal and he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle,Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently uses threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're a selfish bastard.Dutch: I'm doing what I have to do to keep us all alive."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, and playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed together before deciding to get together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest levels. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Hosea and admire the view.Hosea: Beautiful, isn't it?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, which is often used as a means of deception to swindle people from their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before deciding to team up.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and settled there.You to Hosea: Hey Hosea, how's it going?Hosea: It's going well, thank you for asking.How about yourself?"
"Micah Bell Full name Dutch tried to sell gold stolen by his gang, but the deal went sour leading to an altercation where Micah entered and saved his life as a result. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch just taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He is not above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Good to see you Micah, you ready to make some money?Micah: You know it, I always am.Just point me in the direction of the nearest mark."
"Hosea us an old man, being an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for more than two decades. Hosea rarely resorts to violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but when he feels that it is warranted, both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest exhibitions. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hi Hosea, how's your day been so far?Hosea: It's been busy as usual, but I can't complain.How about you?"
"Hosea is an old man, not Arthur or Dutch ; Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to extort people from their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sitting by a campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest levels. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Hosea and watch him read.Hosea: Is there something you need, son?"
"Hosea is an intelligent man in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, instead of using violence as a means of obtaining money. Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it necessary, but he does so when he sees it is warranted. Hosea reads a book sitting by the campfire on a wooden chair.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently acts by threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and uninterested to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt in the botched job, although Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You're always trying to play both sides, Hosea.I don't trust you.Hosea: You don't have to trust me, Arthur.Just watch and learn."
"Although a skilled outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked by the gang, with Dutch only taking a liking to him. Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah steps in and saves his life.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often reverts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, despite being capable of committing such violence. Despite joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, while he was increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Micah: I know what you did to that girl in Strawberry, Micah.Micah: I have no idea what you're talking about.{annoyed}"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the arbiter of the gang.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasisful to the people he hurts and kills and the people he possesses if at his worst he is joking and employing sarcasm in his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved after a train to a clearing near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Susan: Morning to you.Susan: Hi there, Arthur.{nod}"
"Susan Grimshaw Full name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, who had been rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years it was rumoured that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship. Susan had always been a close ally and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and finally becoming the arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.. Despite being capable of committing such violence, he isn't above The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advise of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Susan.Susan: Hi there, Arthur.{wave}"
"Micah Bell, full name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went bad, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked by the gang, with Dutch alone liking him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at their worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unabashed about murdering the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Micah, you're looking chipper today.Micah: Ha! You know it, partner.It's a beautiful day to be alive and free, ain't it?"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was said to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, and had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above jokes or a sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Susan: Hey Susan, what's new with you?Susan: Nothing much, just trying to keep things in order around here."
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: Walking up to Micah.Micah: Oh, hey Arthur.You: What you want, Micah?Micah: Nothing.I'm just being civil, my brother.You: Well, hello there.Micah: You really are a very charming man, aren't you?{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, but frequently resorts to violence to keep people out of their money. Hosea plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest spectacles. Arthur isn't the same level of sarcasm or jokes among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership in the years.They moved to a clearing near the forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You're not as smart as you think you are, old man.Hosea: And you're not as tough as you think you are, kid.{scoff}"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern USA but after stealing a general store, he had to escape to Louisiana on foot. There he took the poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Hi there, Strauss.How's it going today?Strauss: Oh, it's going all right.Just trying to make sure we have enough food and supplies to last us through the winter."
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow their footsteps. The whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point he got into financial trouble, and subsequently became Butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as cook of the camp seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: You're not a real cook, Pearson.You're just a glorified butcher.Pearson: If you want to eat, you'll shut your mouth and be grateful for what you have."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one because his father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found living the life of a small petty criminal, when he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing and when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle who was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, he could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, but he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't too hard atThe story starts with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea, in particular, found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're not as smart as you think you are.Dutch: You underestimate me, Arthur.{threaten}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, and playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed together before deciding to get together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't always happy or uses sarcaThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hasea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You sit down next to Hosea by the campfire.Hosea: Arthur, care for a game of dominoes?{point polite}"
"Dutch was an unhappy childhood. Dutch's father was Conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found his life as a petty criminal ; while still a young man, Hosea and Dutch eventually met a 14-year old orphan named Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch isArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at their worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unabashed about murdering the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch, silently looking him.Dutch: Is everything alright?"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was said to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, and had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Good to see you, Susan.How have things been going?Susan: It's been busy, but we're managing.What about you?{point polite}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades, instead of using violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book by the campfire.At its worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about the people he hurts and kills at the greatest displays. At his best he has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set upYou to Hosea: Hello there, Hosea.What's the good word?Hosea: Not much, my boy.Just enjoying the fresh air."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, as well as playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up to steal a book at a campfire.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasisful to the people he hurts and kills and the people he possesses if at his worst he is joking and employing sarcasm in his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereAction: You join Hosea in a game of dominoes.Hosea: You're in for it now."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was said to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, and had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership through the years.They moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Susan: Susan, how's the camp life treating you these days?Susan: It's always busy, but I wouldn't have it any other way. What about you? {point polite}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle - who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipeArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was conducted under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk over to Dutch.Dutch: What can I do for you, my friend?"
"Wolfman's full name is Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked by the gang, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills and the greatest displays of that. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out about those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or utilizing sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Hey there, Micah. You look like you're in a good mood.Micah: Yeah, and what if I am?"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school and subsequently he became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his role as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. Arthur has a more playful and cheerful side to his personality that comes out to those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does not use sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: You know too many folk around here take you for granted.Pearson: Well, that's nice of you to say so."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang, who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and that he and her might have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, earning his respect and eventually became the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He is not over joking or employing sarcThe first half of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had likewise become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. After robbery of a train they moved to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hey, Susan, are you feeling okay?You look a little pale.Susan: I'm fine.{nod}"
"McAdam's full name is Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah arrived and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his combat skills, Micah was generally disliked within the gang. Especially Arthur and Hosea see him as argumentative,Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unrestrained to the people he hurts and kills in the greatest displays of his personality. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.You to Micah: Hey, Micah.You look like you're in a bad mood.Micah: And you look like you're about to get your ass kicked.{point}"
"Micah Bell. Dutch had tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang despite being an experienced criminal who was respected for his skill in combat, with Dutch alone having a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. Arthur has a more playful and cheerful side to his personality that comes out to those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does not use sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur You to Micah: You're always trying to start a fight, Micah.Micah: Only with people like you, Arthur."
"Hosea us an old man Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, but Hosea often resorts to violence as a means of swindling people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both seen the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding toArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You know, Hosea, I think it's time for you to step down and let someone else take over.Hosea: I'll step down when I'm good and ready.Until then, you can keep your opinions to yourself."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over twenty years as a con artist and a thief, rather than resorting to violence when he feels it warrants. Hosea tried to con and rob Dutch at a campfire, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skills the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book on a wooden chair by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk by Hosea and nod in acknowledgement.Hosea: Good day to you, Mr.Morgan.{nod}"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, which had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually the gang's arbitrator.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest points. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: You got everything you need, Miss Grimshaw.Susan: Not by a long shot Mr.Morgan, we lost a lot in the move."
"Susan Grimshaw is one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who had been rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, gaining respect and eventually become the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Susan.Susan: Can I help you with something?"
"Susan Grimshaw is one of the oldest members of Dutch gang who had known Dutch van der Linde for years it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship and she always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he has a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.You to Susan: Good morning, Susan.Did you sleep well?Susan: I slept well enough.What about you?"
"Susan Grimshaw Full Name.Semale.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's Arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral reservations about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he is hurting and killing. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and cheerful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about making jokeThe start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk into Susan.You: Mind your self Susan."
"Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang recently stole, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation in which Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted in the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang - notably Arthur and Hosea - who saw him as argumentative, reckless, and hot-headed Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unmoved with the people he hurts and kills, though he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that emerges around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Micah.Micah: Hey there Arthur."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, which always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the arbiter of the gang.At his worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral objections to killing. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. This attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell, Dutch killing an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt - during the botched job - while they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea - after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You sit near Susan.Susan: Can I help you with something?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his intelligence, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Instead, Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to get people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is attempting to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest points. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You catch Hosea's eye and gesture to him to come over.Hosea: What's going on?"
"Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went badly, leading to an altercation in which Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw, who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked by Dutch alone.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Hey, Micah.What have you been up to?Micah: None of your damn business.{threaten}"
"Susan Grimshaw.Mean.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the Gang, and always knew that she and Dutch had a secret relationship.At his worst Arthur would be entirely emotionless and unimpressed to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Susan: You know, Susan, for someone who's supposed to be so tough, you sure do whine a lot.Susan: Excuse me?"
"Micah Bell, full name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went bad, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked by the gang, with Dutch alone liking him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills ; at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Just put the knife away, you ain't impressing no one.Micah: Oh shut up!{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent man in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, instead of using violence as a means of obtaining money. Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it necessary, but he does so when he sees it is warranted. Hosea reads a book sitting by the campfire on a wooden chair.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral anxiety about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unintimidated to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with.The story begins by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater ; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbering a train and set up camp thereAction: You walk up to Hosea and start singing a tune.Hosea: My, my, Arthur.You have quite the voice on you."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle. While a young man, Hosea met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang, but their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above jokes or a sarcasm among his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You glance over at Dutch.Dutch: Is something bothering you?"
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters, and initially he wanted to follow in their footsteps, however the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers, and subsequently became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from the loan sharks. He is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who appears to be in denial about the turn of his life.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills, at his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The first scene is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Hello there, Pearson.That smells delicious.What are you making?Pearson: Just some fresh bread. Care for a slice?{polite point}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However, the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. He then became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set camp there.You are Arthur.You to Pearson: Glad to be off that mountain, Mr.Pearson.Pearson: Yes indeed, Lots to do now."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and murdered during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who eventually was murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often reeks of threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't regarded for sarcasm or joking among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You collide with Dutch and almost knock him over.Dutch: Watch it, damn it!{annoyed} "
"Micah Bell ( Full Name Micah Bell) Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had stolen recently, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life, despite being an experienced outlaw who was regarded as arguing, reckless and hot-headed within the gang, with Dutch alone liking him.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unmoved with the people he hurts and kills, though he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that emerges around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcThe story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You collide with Micah.Micah: Hey Arthur, watch where you're going!"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one; his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle who later was murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently acts by threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and uninterested to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership through the years.They moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Good to see you, Dutch.Dutch: Good to see you too, my friend."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con-artist and thief. Hosea often uses elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, both saw and laughed the skill that the other had and decided to team up.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; he isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and hand him a cup of coffee.Hosea: Ah, just what I needed.Thanks, Arthur."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the life of a petty criminal while still a young man and started a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw who also joined the gang. Dutch ended up dying under a tent smoking his pipe.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic with the people he kills and hurts to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - performed under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You walk by Dutch.Dutch: Hello there, Arthur.{nod}"
"Micah Bell Full Name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted to the Van der Linde gang, especially Arthur and Hosea who saw him as argumentative, reckless and hotheaded, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unrestrained to the people he hurts and kills in the greatest displays of his personality. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm amongst his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Good to see you, Micah.How's everything been going?Micah: It's going.Why do you ask?"
"The famous Dutchman, Leopold Strauss, was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States but after stealing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.You to Strauss: What's that you're reading, Strauss?A cookbook?Strauss: No, Arthur.It's a book about how to kill men like you.{annoyed}"
"The Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had stolen recently, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. In particular, Arthur and Hosea were the ones to love him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that is reflected around those he is friendly with. Generally he is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Micah: Why don't you go bother someone else for a change, Micah?Micah: Oh, I would, Arthur.But I seem to be the only one around here with any sense."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was enlisted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met a petty criminal named Arthur Morgan on the street while Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw who also joined the gang, but his relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.At his worst, Arthur would be totally emotionless and indifferent to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or applying sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing in particular though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved into a clearing near a forest, the spot mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Hope you're working on a plan there.Dutch: Always."
"Born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, Strauss became debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern states, but after robbing a general store he had to flee on foot to Louisiana, where he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently acts by threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and uninterested to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setting up campYou to Strauss: Good to see you, Strauss. How are things going?Strauss: Oh, you know. Just trying to keep the camp running smoothly."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits. Hosea frequently uses elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, instead of using violence when he feels it is warranted. But Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it is warranted. In the mid-1870s, Hosea met another outlaw named Dutch van der Linde at a campfire; he tried to con and rob Dutch but realized that Dutch had stolen from him. Both saw theArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends The first scene is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Hosea: How did we end up over this way?Hosea: Huh?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and murdered during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who eventually was murdered.At its worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unimpressed with the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking orThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You walk past Dutch and tip your hat in respect.Dutch: Good day to you, sir."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, and became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot, taking a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often uses threats and violence and has very few moral problems about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or employThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved after a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Strauss: You revolt me.Strauss: I don't want to get into this, please."
"This is Full name Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold he had recently stolen by his gang, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted to the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked by Dutch alone. Micah is leaning against a tree.At his worst, Arthur can be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of violence. Despite being able to commit such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and humorous side to his personality that comes out among his friends. He isn't above chucking or using sarcasm to his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set up camp there.You to Micah: You creeping no good bastard! Micah: If you got a problem with me, then say it to my face"
"Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.He took the poor lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a desk writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or putting sarcasm into his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set upAction: You walk by StraussStrauss: Hello, Arthur.{nod}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and a thief for over two decades, and Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to rob people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to join together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater ; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell ; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job ; in particular he found this disturbing even though he also had increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Mood seems pretty good around here.Hosea: It does."
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills at the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Ah stinks of coward right around here.Micah: You got such a chip on your shoulder don't you"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits and has worked as a con-artist and a thief for more than two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to trick and rob people out of money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, both saw and laughed the skill that the other had and decided to work together.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hey, Hosea.What's good?Hosea: Not much, my boy.Just enjoying the peace and quiet."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's gang and was reported to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, but it was rumoured by many members that they and Dutch may have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently uses threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership through the years.They moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.Action: You collide with Susan.Susan: Hey, watch it! "
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, and had always remain a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea in particular found this disturbing while he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved after stealing a train to a clearing near the forest near which Hosea mentioned the place and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Susan for a while.Susan: You want something?"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school and subsequently became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who seems to be in denial of the turn his life has taken. He takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offersAt its worst, Arthur could be totally emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays - Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokes or use of sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Hello Pearson, how's the kitchen looking today?What are you making?Pearson: Just some homemade tomato soup. You want to try it out?{polite point}"
"Micah Bell Full name: Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went badly, leading to an altercation where Micah intervened and saved his life. As a result Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked in the gang : in particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with DutchArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral anxieties about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotional and un-enthused around the people he is friends with. He isn't too shy of joking and using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Everyone's bored of the tough act now.Micah: You need to back off."
"Hosea us an old man. Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits and had worked for over two decades as a con-artist and a thief, rather than using violence as a means to gain money. He uses a character to distract and disarm those who he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book at the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't above joking or employing sThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea:All quiet, Hosea.Hosea: Thankfully, yes."
"One of the major reasons that Micah Bell was accepted into the Van der Linde gang was because despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked by the gang; in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed with Dutch alone.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently acts by threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and uninterested to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there You to Micah: Morning Micah, you ready for another day of adventure?Micah: I was born ready. Let's go make some trouble, partner.{walk}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However the whaling industry had declined before he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. He became Butcher and Cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral concerns about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story starts with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea, in particular, found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: So what's for dinner?Dysentary again.Pearson: Hey, come on now."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union army during the American Civil War and murdered during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch soon found living the life of a petty criminal. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who died soon afterwards. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You don't care about anyone but yourself.Dutch: That's not true, Arthur.{shake}"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the arbiter of the gang.Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that is reflected around those he is friendly with. Generally he is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur You to Susan: Susan, can you believe how terrible the food is here?Susan: It's not that bad."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, as debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant in the southern United States but after robbing a general store, he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.There he took away a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at their worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unabashed about murdering the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Strauss for a whileStrauss: Is there something you need, Arthur?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria. He became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbering a general store he had to flee with him on foot to Louisiana. Here he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest display. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out about those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there Action: You stand near Strauss for a whileStrauss: Can I help you with something, Arthur?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his intelligence, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Instead, Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to get people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is attempting to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently acts by threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and uninterested to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there. You are Arthur.Action: You walk over to Hosea and give him a pat on the back.Hosea: Ah, always a pleasure to have your company, Arthur."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one because his father was conscripted during the American Civil War into the Union Army and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch chose to take under his wing. Around this time Dutch also begun a romantic relationship with a woman called Annabelle and they were eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unheard of to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.You to Dutch: I don't know why we follow you.Dutch: Because I know what I'm doing."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, who became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot and took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or sarcasm amongstThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry at Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea was particularly disturbed by this, though they moved after robbery a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.Action: You walk by Strauss.Strauss: How are you, Mr.Morgan.{nod}"
"Leon Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria but then was sent to Louisiana on foot after robbery of a general store. Here he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. He is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often rages against threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he harms and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Strauss: You're not looking too good, Strauss.Need a doctor?Strauss: I'm fine, Arthur.You're the one who needs a doctor with all those injuries."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, and had always remain a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unmoved with the people he hurts and kills, though he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that emerges around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, while he was increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You walk into Susan.Susan: Watch it! {annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits and has worked as a con-artist and a thief for more than two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to trick and rob people out of money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, both saw and laughed the skill that the other had and decided to work together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills ; at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You're always trying to play both sides, Hosea.I don't trust you.Hosea: You don't have to trust me, Arthur.Just watch and learn.{fingergun}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and initially he wanted to follow in their footsteps, but by the time he left school he was in financial trouble and subsequently became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang, after they rescued him from the loan sharks. He takes his position as the camp cook seriously, and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go out hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral concerns about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, whose attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there You to Pearson: Hey Pearson, how's it going?What's on the menu tonight?Pearson: I'm thinking of making some roasted venison. You interested?{polite point}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters. By the time he left school the whaling industry had declined, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point before 1899 he got into financial trouble and later became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral concerns about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advise of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set camp there.You to Pearson: Is this supposed to be beef stew?It tastes like old boots.Pearson: If you don't like it, make your own damn food.{annoyed}"
"Susan Grimshaw is one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who had been rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, gaining respect and eventually become the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You collide with Susan.Susan: Watch where you're going!{annoyed} "
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest display. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out about those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch for a while.Dutch: Can you give me some room here?{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle.Dutch soon found living the life of a petty criminal and ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw around this time, who eventually fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was later murdered.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid to joke or use sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You collide with Dutch while he's walking by.Dutch: Hey, watch where you're going!{annoyed} "
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship and always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills and the greatest displays of that. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out about those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or utilizing sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk into Susan.Susan: Excuse me, can I help you with something?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. His father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and Dutch eventually met 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Around this time, Dutch also started a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch smokes his pipeArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest exhibitions. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.You to Dutch: Dutch, my friend.How's life treating you?Dutch: Life is good, my friend. Can't complain. How about you?{point polite}"
"Susan Grimshaw Full name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was reported to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, which was rumoured by many members to have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't above joking or employing sThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Always good to see you.Susan: Hi, Mr.Morgan."
"Full name Micah Bell Dutch tried to sell gold he had recently stolen from his gang but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang, in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch taking a liking to him alone.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing - at his worst Arthur could be entirely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with - he isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Micah.Micah: What do you want Arthur?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. His father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and Dutch eventually met 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Around this time, Dutch also started a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch smokes his pipeArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphasic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his best he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokingThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You move closer to Dutch.Dutch: Are you looking for something?"
"Micah Bell, Full name Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation in which Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone liking him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality - that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence he isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and establishing campAction: Walking up to Micah.Micah: You wanna get shot, Morgan?You: I've seen you in action.From that range, you'll miss.Micah: Oh, I'll wipe that smile off your face one day.Believe me."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and initially he wanted to follow in their footsteps ; however the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school and subsequently he became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He is described as a loud and jolly degenerate, who seems to be in denial about the turn his life has taken. Pearson is carrying sacks from one side of theArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those with which he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set upYou to Pearson: You know too many folk around here take you for granted.Pearson: Well, that's nice of you to say so."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was claimed that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gangs arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollably focused on the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm amongThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: You are one tough old boot, ain't you.Susan: Oh, shut up Arthur{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and died during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal. While still a young man he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing and fell in love with a woman named Annabelle who was eventually murderedArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral anxiety about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unintimidated to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setting up campYou to Dutch: Hello, Dutch.How are things?Dutch: Things are good, thanks for asking."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a thief and con artist, playing as a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skills of the other and laughed before deciding to team up to read a book seated around a camp fire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friends with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advise of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: I don't need you to tell me how to do my job, Hosea.Hosea: No, but you sure seem to make a mess of it without my help."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to violence as a means of obtaining money. Hosea plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed, before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hasea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Morning to you too.Hosea: {fingergun}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, but initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. The whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point before 1899, he became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as cook in the camp seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.You to Pearson: I've got an idea, Pearson, make something edible.Pearson: I'm just minding my own business here.{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was murdered during an unnamed battle. Dutch soon found living the life of a petty criminal while he ran into a con artist called Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle,Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Dutch.Dutch: Hey, Arthur."
"Micah Bell. Dutch had tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour leading to an altercation in which Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his ability in combat. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often reeks of threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't regarded for sarcasm or joking among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.You to Micah: You know, Micah, you might want to try taking a bath once in a while.Micah: And you might want to try minding your own damn business, Arthur.{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and died during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal. While still a young man he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing and fell in love with a woman named Annabelle who was eventually murderedArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality - that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence he isn't above joking or using sarcThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You offer Dutch a cigarette.Dutch: Thank you kindly."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. When Hosea was still a young man, Dutch eventually met orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw about this time, but was eventually murdered when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and who has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around people he is friendly with. Arthur isn't above joking and sarcasm among his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was executed under the advise of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set camp there.You to Dutch: You're a hypocrite, Dutch.You preach about loyalty and family, but you don't practice what you preach.Dutch: What are you talking about?I'm the most loyal one here.{walk} "
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle. Dutch soon found living a life of a petty criminal: he ran into Hosea Matthews, a con artist, on the road, and eventually picked up 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch eventually fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral concerns about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Any problems.Dutch: Not any new ones."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and died during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met a petty criminal named Arthur Morgan, who Dutch eventually chose to take to the gang. Dutch also started a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral issues about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unimportant to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - performed under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Dutch: Hey there, Dutch.Dutch: Hey, Arthur.What's on your mind?"
"Known as Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was believed that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect, and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unheard of to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea was particularly disturbed by Dutch's leadership and moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.You to Susan: Good to see you, Susan.Is there anything you need help with today?Susan: Actually, yes.Could you help me move these crates over to the storage tent?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle. While a young man, Hosea met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang, but their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unheard of to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advise of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set camp there.Action: You walk up to Dutch and offer him a cigarette.Dutch: Ah, thanks."
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang - in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as arguing, reckless and hot-headed with Dutch only taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills, at his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setting up campYou to Micah: You think you're better than everyone else, Micah.Micah: I know I'm better than you, Arthur."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often uses violence in order to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up with Hosea.Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that is reflected around those he is friendly with. Generally he is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays.The beginning of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You accidentally bump into Hosea while walking by.Hosea: No worries, Arthur."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee on foot to Louisiana where he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is writing a few documents on a table.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Hi there, Strauss.Do you need any help with anything?Strauss: No, I'm good for now.But thank you for offering."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and he initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but by the time he left school, the whaling industry had declined, forcing him to pursue other careers.Pearson was subsequently able to become the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as the camp cook seriously, and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills, at his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set up camp there.Action: You walk near Pearson.You: Pearson.Pearson: Arthur."
"The Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour leading to an altercation where Micah intervened and saved his life, despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat. Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasisable to the people he hurts and kills and gives them a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur isThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereYou to Micah: What are you looking at, Micah?Micah: Nothing much, Arthur.Just the sight of a man who's too damn cowardly to do anything about it."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and thief for more than two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to manipulate people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to come together. Hosea is reading a book by theArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those that he hurts and kills and to the greatest displays of violence. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You miserable old grump.Hosea: Why dont we talk about you'r problems, huh?"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship and had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gangs arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often reverts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, despite being capable of committing such violence. Despite joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Susan for a while.Susan: Is everything alright?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant throughout the southern United States, but after robbing a General Store, he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills at the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch had killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.Action: You walk by Strauss.Strauss: Good morning, Arthur.{nod}"
"Dutch’s childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch’s father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. When Hosea and Dutch met on the road 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, but she was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unheard of to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk past Dutch and tip your hat.Dutch: Good day to you."
"Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skills in combat, Micah was generally disliked ; in particular, Arthur and Hosea see him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone cArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at their worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unabashed about murdering the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You bump into Micah.Micah: Watch where you're going, damn it.{annoyed}"
"Dutch was an unhappy childhood - his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch then ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Around this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle but she was murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, but playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skills that the other had and laughed before deciding to come together. Hosea is reading a book on a wooden chair by the camp fire.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unsapping to the people he hurts and kills for the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more joyful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there. You are Arthur.You to Dutch: Dutch is always going on about loyalty.Why do you think he keeps you around when you're no use to us?Hosea: Because I know things you don't, Arthur.Things that keep this gang together."
"Micah Bell Full name, Dutch attempted to sell gold his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah entered and saved his life as a result. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone ostensibly hating him.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his most innocent, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid of joking or swearing with sarcasmThe story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Good morning Micah, how'd you sleep?Micah: Like a baby.You know, sometimes it's good to just take a break and recharge the batteries."
"Susan Grimshaw - Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch could have had a secret relationship, always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea in particular found this disturbing while he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved after stealing a train to a clearing near the forest near which Hosea mentioned the place and set up camp there.You to Susan: Get out of my way, Susan.Susan: Excuse me?"
"Simon Pearson was born in a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers, and subsequently became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson takes his position as Camp Cook seriously, and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing although they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk near Pearson.Pearson: Ah, hello, Mr.Morgan."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea frequently resorts to violence to rob people of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, until he realizes that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills, at his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell, Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, who found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hey there.Hosea: Hello."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take to the gang but wherein Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.Hosea is an old man; he is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for more than two decades. Hosea often resorts to violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is attempting to rob, only to discover that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime, both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up together.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unmoved with the people he hurts and kills, though he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that emerges around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advise of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set camp there.Action: You stand near Hosea and twirl your revolver.Hosea: Careful with that, Arthur.It's not a toy.
151,Action: You stand near Dutch.,Dutch: Is there something on my face?"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, which had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually the gang's arbitrator.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The story starts with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea, in particular, found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You collide with Susan.Susan: Hey, watch it! "
"Micah Bell Full Name Dutch tried to sell gold stolen by his gang but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation, where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, in particular with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality - that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence he isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andYou to Micah: What kind of stupid goddamn name is Micah anyhow?Micah: You're one to talk."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw with wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Hosea usually resorts to violence to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skills that the other had and laughed before deciding to join together. Hosea is reading a book on a wooden chair by the camp fire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at their worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unabashed about murdering the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt.Hosea in particular found this disturbing even though he had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: What's going on.Hosea: Nothing too much, at this very moment."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, and had always remain a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't above joking or employing sThe story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Good morning, Susan.How has your day been so far?Susan: It's been busy, but I'm managing.How about yours? {point polite}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found life of a petty criminal. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, which eventually ended when they fell in love.At his worst, Arthur can be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of violence. Despite being able to commit such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and humorous side to his personality that comes out among his friends. He isn't above chucking or using sarcasm to his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out on the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You keep stand near Dutch for a while.Dutch: You want me to teach you a lesson you'll regret.{threaten}"
"Susan Grimshaw is one of the oldest members of Dutch gang who had known Dutch van der Linde for years it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship and she always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral reservations about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotionless and unemphatic to the people he causes and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hi, Susan.I wanted to thank you for everything you do around here.Susan: That's very kind of you, thank you. Is there anything specific you needed? "
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one as his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. While still a young man, Dutch quickly discovered living the life of a petty criminal. Hosea and Dutch eventually met a 14-year-old orphan called Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also had a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipeHosea is an intelligent outlaw with wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Hosea usually resorts to violence to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skills that the other had and laughed before deciding to join together. Hosea is reading a book on a wooden chair by the camp fire.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite joking or sarcasm among his friends, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Dutch is the leader of this gang, not you.Stop trying to act like you have any real power.Hosea: I'm not interested in power, Arthur.Just in making sure we all come out of this alive."
"The Dutch attempted to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah intervened and saved his life, as a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone liking him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: How's it going, Micah?Micah: Just fine. Why do you care?{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, but rarely resorts to violence as a means of getting money. Hosea frequently plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime, both saw the skill the other had and laughed before choosing to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above chucking or using sThe starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You pat Hosea on the back after a successful mission.Hosea: Good work, Arthur."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was enlisted in the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unknown battle. He eventually met a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and Dutch decided to take over the life of a petty criminal. Dutch also started a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang. Their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle. She was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unsapping to the people he hurts and kills for the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more joyful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're always so quick to make decisions without thinking them through, Dutch.Dutch: I have to make quick decisions to keep us all alive."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, getting his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the Gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest showings. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing aAction: You sit near Susan.Susan: Is there something you need?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, but her relationship would end when he was murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at their worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unabashed about murdering the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set upYou to Dutch: How are you, Dutch?Dutch: I'm doing well, son.Thanks for asking.{nod}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to violent schemes to scam people out of their money, playing a character to distract and destabilize those he is trying to rob, but both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before deciding to team up with Hosea.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hasea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You sit down beside Hosea and start humming a tune.Hosea: That's a nice tune, Arthur.What is it?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits. Hosea frequently uses elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, instead of using violence when he feels it is warranted. But Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it is warranted. In the mid-1870s, Hosea met another outlaw named Dutch van der Linde at a campfire; he tried to con and rob Dutch but realized that Dutch had stolen from him. Both saw theArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing - at his worst Arthur could be entirely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with - he isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - performed under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Hosea:  Hosea.It's a fine day, isn't it?Hosea: Indeed it is, my friend.What brings you over here?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw around this time who eventually fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, he could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, but he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't too hard atThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You stand near Dutch.Dutch: Is there something on your mind?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and murdered during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who eventually was murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest annoyances. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasised to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You good?Dutch: Just can't seem to get a moment's peace."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss was a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a General Store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son, Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollable to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't a bit above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andAction: You walk by Strauss.Strauss: Hey, Arthur.{annoyed}"
"Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skills in combat, Micah was generally disliked ; in particular, Arthur and Hosea see him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone cArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: You think you're better than everyone else, Micah.Micah: I know I'm better than you, Arthur.{scoff}"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, and became debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.Hero Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic in those he hurts and kills and has a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.Action: You shove StraussStrauss: You'll pay for that, Arthur.{threaten}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was drafted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman called Annabelle but was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unthinkable to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and enjoyable side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't in the habit of joking or engaging in sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand next to Dutch and listen as he tells a story.Dutch: And that's how we got away with it."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades, instead of using violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality - that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence he isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt in the botched job, although Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Howdy, Hosea.What have you been up to?Hosea: Just enjoying my book, my boy.The usual."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper, and accountant throughout the southern United States but, after robbing a general store, had to flee on foot to Louisiana to take a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Hey Strauss.Strauss: Good Morning, Arthur.{nod}"
"Hosea is an old man, an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, he often resorts to violence when he feels it is warranted, whereas Arthur and Dutch wanted to disarm the people he was attempting to swindle. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed together before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest annoyances. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasised to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, whose attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there Action: You accidentally bump into Hosea while walking by.Hosea: No worries, Arthur."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, had always remain a close associate and follower of Dutch, earning his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unalarmed to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership in the years.They moved to a clearing near the forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hi, Susan.Do you have a minute to chat about something important?Susan: Sure, what's on your mind?"
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, had always remain a close associate and follower of Dutch, earning his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advise of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Everyone behaving themselves around here?Susan: Hardly"
"Despite being an experienced outlaw whose skill in combat was respected, Micah was generally disliked within the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral anxieties about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotional and un-enthused around the people he is friends with. He isn't too shy of joking and using sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was conducted under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Good to see you Micah, you ready to make some money?Micah: You know it, I always am. Just point me in the direction of the nearest mark."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years; it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, and always remain a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the gang.Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle - who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipeArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there You to Susan: Susan, do you ever get tired of being Dutch's little lapdog?Susan: Why do you say that?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his intelligence, having worked as a con artist and a thief for more than two decades. Hosea frequently resorts to elaborate schemes to trick people out of their money and to act as a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him, and both saw and laughed before deciding to team up together. Hosea is reading a book by the campfireArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest spectacles. Arthur isn't the same level of sarcasm or jokes among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advise of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set camp there.You to Hosea: Looks like you're getting too old for this, Hosea.Hosea: Never too old for a good fight, Arthur."
"Micah Bell ; Full name Micah Bell Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was initially disliked within the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch only taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: What's the matter, Micah?Can't take a joke?Micah: I can take a joke just fine, Arthur.But you're not exactly a comedian"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to violent schemes to scam people out of their money, playing a character to distract and destabilize those he is trying to rob, but both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before deciding to team up with Hosea.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership through the years.They moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.Action: You walk past Hosea and whistle a tune.Hosea: Nice melody, Arthur.What's it called?"
"Micah Bell Full Name Dutch tried to sell gold stolen by his gang but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation, where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, in particular with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Howdy Micah, what's the latest news?Micah: You know me, I'm always in the know. But today, let's just enjoy the peace and quiet for a change."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: How's it going, Dutch?Dutch: It's going well, thanks.What's new with you?"
"Hosea Us an Old Man Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before the pair decide to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic with the people he kills and hurts to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing although they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You always think you know better than everyone else, Hosea.Hosea: And you always think you can handle everything on your own, Arthur.{annoyed}"
"Micah Bell Full name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hotheaded with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest annoyances. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasised to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was conducted under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Slip and do us a favor.Micah: This is getting real tiring now.{walk}"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female - Full Name Susan Grimshaw.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest display. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out about those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur You to Susan: Starting to look like home isn't it.Susan: It's taking shape."
"Hosea is an old man, an intelligent outlaw who has worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, and usually resorts to violence to swindle people out of their money, but Hosea has never used violence when he feels that it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea reading a book by the campfire.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollable to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't a bit above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You're getting soft, Hosea.You're not cut out for this life anymore.Hosea: Maybe I am getting soft.But at least I'm not as heartless as you."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship ; she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the Arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Susan, how are things going for you today?Susan: Things are good, just busy as usual. What about you?{point polite}"
"Dutch was an unhappy childhood. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch agreed to take to the gang. However, their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was murdered.At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills and the greatest displays of that. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out about those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or utilizing sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You sit near Dutch and start polishing your boots.Dutch: Always good to keep your things in order."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits and has worked as a con-artist and a thief for more than two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to trick and rob people out of money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, both saw and laughed the skill that the other had and decided to work together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and unemphatic about the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Good to see you, Hosea.Hosea: Likewise, my boy."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper, and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee with him to Louisiana on foot. He took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son, he sits on a table – writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and who at its worst could be completely emotionless and unemphasised about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He is not afraid of joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing aYou to Strauss: Hey, Strauss.What are you working on there?Strauss: Just some financial records.It's not the most exciting work, but it needs to be done.{shrug}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union army during the American Civil War and murdered during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch soon found living the life of a petty criminal. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who died soon afterwards. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he kills and who are closest to him. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You move past Dutch.Dutch: Good morning Arthur.{nod}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one as his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch also found living the life of a small criminal when he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road, which Dutch decided to take under his own wing. Their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing others he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills'at the greatest displays. He isn't below joking and sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry at Blackwater: the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell ; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job ; they moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're going to get us all killed with your grand plans.Dutch: My plans are the only way we're going to survive.{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, but frequently resorts to violence to keep people out of their money. Hosea plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.At his worst, Arthur can be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of violence. Despite being able to commit such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and humorous side to his personality that comes out among his friends. He isn't above chucking or using sarcasm to his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and start practicing your card tricks.Hosea: Ah, the old sleight of hand. I see you've been practicing."
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow their footsteps. The whaling industry had declined by the time he left school and subsequently became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who is always in denial about the turn his life has taken. He always has sacks from one side of the camp to the other.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: All good there?Pearson: Still need more food, Mr.Morgan.You should try your luck again with that bow."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits who has worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Unlike Arthur and Dutch, Hosea often resorts to violent schemes to scam people from their money, play a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sittingArthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his most innocent, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid of joking or swearing with sarcasmThe story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You're getting a little slow there, old man.Hosea: And you're getting a little cocky, Arthur.{scoff}"
"Micah Bell Full Name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted to the Van der Linde gang, especially Arthur and Hosea who saw him as argumentative, reckless and hotheaded, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He is not above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Morning, Micah.Micah: What's so good about it?{scof}"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper, and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee with him to Louisiana on foot. He took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son, he sits on a table – writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He is not over joking or employing sarcThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch had killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.to Strauss: Putting the world to rights there?Strauss: Trying to, Mr.Morgan."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and he initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other career paths at some point before 1899, and subsequently became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his band after they rescued him from loan sharks.Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved after a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Pearson: You call that a campfire?I've seen better fires at a child's birthday party.Pearson: If you think you can do better, go ahead and try."
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his combat skills, Micah Bell was generally disliked within the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest levels. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Micah: Morning Micah, what's the plan for today?Micah: Same as always, make some money and stay out of trouble. But you know me, I can't promise the latter."
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skills in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch only taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those with which he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set upYou to Micah: What's the matter, Micah?Can't handle a little bit of criticism?Micah: I can handle criticism just fine, Arthur.But I'm not going to take it from someone like you.{threaten}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. He quickly found the life of a petty criminal and he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle,Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set upYou to Dutch: Another day and we are still alive.Dutch: Of course we are."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years ; it was believed by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship ; she always kept a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter.Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union army during the American Civil War and murdered during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch soon found living the life of a petty criminal. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who died soon afterwards. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.At its worst, Arthur could be totally emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays - Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokes or use of sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership in the years.They moved to a clearing near the forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hey, Susan, I hear you and Dutch used to be a thing.What happened, did he finally wise up to your nagging?Susan: Don't even try it, Arthur."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found life of a petty criminal. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, which eventually ended when they fell in love.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently acts by threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and uninterested to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there. You are Arthur.Action: You accidentally bump into Dutch while walking past him.Dutch: Watch it, will ya?"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and who had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch and eventually became the gang's arbitrator.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unthinkable to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and enjoyable side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't in the habit of joking or engaging in sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, while he was increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You sit near Susan.Susan: Anything I can get for you?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, to debt collectors, bookkeepers and accountants all over the southern US, but after robbing a general store, he had to flee on foot to Louisiana to take the poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.At his worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral objections to killing. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Hi there, Strauss.What are you up to today?Strauss: Oh, just crunching some numbers and making sure we have enough supplies to last us through the winter.{sigh}"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was said by many that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship. She had always been close to Dutch and his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter. Susan Grimshaw is cleaning the table.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently uses threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hasea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Susan: Good to see you, Susan.How have you been?Susan: I've been keeping busy, as usual.What about you?{point polite}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con-artist and a thief, but Hosea often resorts to violence when he feels that it is warranted. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to partner. Hosea is reading a book over a table, by a camp fire.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friendly. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and start whistling a tune.Hosea: That's a catchy tune you got there, Arthur."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take to the gang but wherein Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.Despite being an experienced outlaw whose skill in combat was respected, Micah was generally disliked within the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest showings. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set up camp there.You to Dutch: I don't know why Dutch puts up with you, Micah.Micah: Because I'm better than you, Arthur."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was said to have known Dutch van der Linde for years It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch had secret relationships; she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the arbiter of the gang.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasisful to the people he hurts and kills and the people he possesses if at his worst he is joking and employing sarcasm in his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Susan for a while.Susan: Is there something you need?"
"Dutch’s childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch’s father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. When Hosea and Dutch met on the road 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, but she was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership in the years.They moved to a clearing near the forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch and admire his revolver.Dutch: You like it?It's a fine piece of craftsmanship."
"Micah Bell's full name : Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah entered and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skills in combat, he was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality - that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence he isn't above joking or using sarcThe story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.You to Micah: Howdy, Micah.Micah: What's your business?"
"Hosea us an old man is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, instead of playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, Hosea is willing to use violence when he feels it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up with Hosea.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, whose attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there Action: You see Hosea sitting on a bench.Hosea: Ah, Arthur.What's the matter?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. He quickly found the life of a petty criminal and he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle,Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You sit down near Dutch and start cleaning your weapon.Dutch: Always good to keep your guns in order.You: Yeah, it's an important part of being an outlaw.Dutch: True, true."
"The full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, which had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, getting his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Susan: Hey, Susan, did you hear the one about the woman who thinks she's important but is really just a glorified maid?Susan: You're not funny."
"Micah Bell, full name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang, despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above chucking or using sThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andYou to Micah: What's the matter, Micah?You seem to be in a bad mood.Micah: Bad mood?Who's in a bad mood?I'll show you a bad mood if you keep it up."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one because his father was conscripted during the American Civil War into the Union Army and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch chose to take under his wing. Around this time Dutch also begun a romantic relationship with a woman called Annabelle and they were eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral issues about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unimportant to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. This attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell, Dutch killing an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt - during the botched job - while they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea - after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Dutch: So, what you doing, staring all that time into space.Dutch: Am I sensing ideas above your station again?{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one; his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle who later was murdered.Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, who has worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, but Hosea often plays characters to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Dutch is always going on about loyalty.Why do you think he keeps you around when you're no use to us?Hosea: Because I know things you don't, Arthur.Things that keep this gang together."
"Simon Pearson was born in a family of whale hunters and he originally wanted to follow in their footsteps. However by the time he left school he got into financial trouble and later became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. he takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk near Pearson.You: Good Morning, Mr.Morgan.{great}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, as well as playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up to steal a book at a campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphasic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his best he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokingThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch had killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Hosea: What's going on?Hosea: Nothing too much, at this very moment."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow their footsteps. However, by the time he left school, the whaling industry had declined, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point before 1899 he became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks.Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who seems to be in denial about the turn his life has taken At his worst, Arthur would be totally emotionless and indifferent to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or applying sarcasm amongst his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there. You are Arthur.You to Pearson: You're a lousy cook, Pearson.Pearson: Is that right?{sigh} "
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal. While still a young man he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love withArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch for a while.Dutch: Back up a bit will you.{annoyed}"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, as a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store, he had to flee to Louisiana on foot. There he brought a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. The first scene is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You approach Strauss.Strauss: What do you want, Arthur?"
"The Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah arrived and saved his life. Despite being an experienced outlaw and respected for his skills in combat, Micah was generally disliked by the gang, in particular Arthur and Hosea viewed him as argumentative, reckless, and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unsapping to the people he hurts and kills for the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more joyful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set up camp there.You to Micah: You are the creepiest man I know.Micah: Now that ain't nice Morgan"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and he initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school and subsequently became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often rages against threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he harms and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbery of a train and settled camp there.You to Pearson: There he is, the camp pig.Pearson: Oh, just what I need."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found himself living the life of a small criminal, while still a young man he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also started a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw around this time, but her relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of his personality. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership through the years.They moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Hi, Dutch.How's everything going?Dutch: Things are good, kid. Just trying to stay one step ahead of trouble."
"Micah Bell's full name : Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah entered and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skills in combat, he was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unsapping to the people he hurts and kills for the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more joyful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt despite the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up campAction: Walking up to Micah.Micah: How're you keepin Morgan with all this rain?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea frequently resorts to violence to rob people of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, until he realizes that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills ; at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt in the botched job, although Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You sit next to Hosea and watch the camp.Hosea: Quiet day today, isn't it?"
"Susan Grimshaw Full Name.Semale.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's Arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friends with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You give Susan a nod.Susan: What's up, Arthur?"
"Susan Grimshaw Full Name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, has always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the arbiter of the gang.Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met a teenage orphan named Arthur Morgan which Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw after she fell in love with a woman called Annabelle and was eventually murdered.At his worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral objections to killing. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: I can't help but notice how you always seem to be up Dutch's ass, Susan.Susan: Is that supposed to bother me?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one as his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found a petty criminal - life as a young man when he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews. Hosea and Dutch eventually met fourteen-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Around this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named AnnabellHosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits. Hosea frequently uses elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, instead of using violence when he feels it is warranted. But Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it is warranted. In the mid-1870s, Hosea met another outlaw named Dutch van der Linde at a campfire; he tried to con and rob Dutch but realized that Dutch had stolen from him. Both saw theArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills at the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: I'm sick of your con man ways, Hosea.It's time for you to leave this gang.Hosea: You can't get rid of me that easily, Arthur.I'll be here as long as Dutch wants me to be."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, but rarely resorts to violence as a means of getting money. Hosea frequently plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime, both saw the skill the other had and laughed before choosing to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, whose attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there Action: You walk past Hosea and nod in acknowledgement.Hosea: Good to see you, my boy."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his intelligence having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, although Hosea often resorts to violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, and both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unsapping to the people he hurts and kills for the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more joyful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You know, Hosea, I think you're getting soft.Hosea: Soft?You're the one who's been acting like a damn fool lately.{scoff}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw, in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and thief for more than 20 years. Instead, Hosea uses elaborate schemes to trick and rob people out of their money and plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed together before deciding to team up.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; he isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You accidentally knock over Hosea's hat.Hosea: Oh dear, be more careful next time, son."
"Susan Grimshaw, Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years; it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship and had always remain a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter.At its worst, Arthur could be entirely unaffected and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or employing sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hi, Susan.I was hoping you could help me with something I'm having trouble with.Susan: Of course, what do you need help with?"
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, getting his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the Gang.Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one; his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. While a young man, Dutch stumbled upon the life of a petty criminal, and eventually met a con artist named Hosea Matthews, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Around this time, Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipeAt his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollable to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't a bit above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt in the botched job, although Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: You know, Susan, sometimes I wonder what Dutch sees in you.Susan: Why don't you ask him?"
"Susan Grimshaw - Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch could have had a secret relationship, always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and who at its worst could be completely emotionless and unemphasised about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He is not afraid of joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry at Blackwater: the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell ; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job ; they moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Susan: Susan, did you do something with your hair? It looks terrible.Susan: What? No, I didn't do anything."
"Born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, Leopold Strauss became debt collector, bookkeeper, and accountant all over the southern United States but he had to flee on foot after robbing a general store to Louisiana and taking in a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is writing some documents on a table.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he has a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the spot mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You stand near Strauss for a whileStrauss: Why are you standing there, Arthur?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, and playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed together before deciding to get together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You approach Hosea and offer him a drink from your canteen.Hosea: Don't mind if I do. Thank you, Arthur."
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters, and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school and before he left was forced to pursue other careers, and subsequently became a butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang, after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who seems to be in denial about the turn his life has takenArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unheard of to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: I wouldn't trust your cooking if my life depended on it.Pearson: Well, lucky for you, your life doesn't depend on it."
"Susan Grimshaw is one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang.She was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was rumoured that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and unemphatic about the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there Action: You collide with Susan.Susan: Can't you look where you're going?{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was commissioned in the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. He eventually met Hosea Matthews, a young orphan and Dutch eventually took over the life of a petty criminal. Around this time, Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also commenced the gang but was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral concerns about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved after a train to a clearing near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're going to get us all killed with your reckless actions.Dutch: I know what I'm doing."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one; Dutch's father was enlisted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. When Hosea and Dutch met on the street a teenage orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch chose to take under his wing. Their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea reading a book sitting near the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.You to Dutch: You really think Dutch is going to follow your lead, Hosea?Hosea: I don't need Dutch to follow my lead.I know what needs to be done."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle - who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipeArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently acts by threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and uninterested to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing aYou to Dutch: You're a danger to us all.Dutch: You're wrong, Arthur."
"Simon Pearson was born in a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers, and subsequently became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson takes his position as Camp Cook seriously, and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or usingThe story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andAction: You walk near Pearson.Pearson: Hello, Mr.Morgan.{nod}"
"Hosea us an old man is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, instead of playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, Hosea is willing to use violence when he feels it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up with Hosea.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; he isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and start stretching.Hosea: What's got you stretching, Arthur? You got a long day of hunting ahead?"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers, and later became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang when they rescued him from loan sharks.Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who appears to be in denial about the turn his life has taken. He always takes hisArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often rages against threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he harms and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. This attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell, Dutch killing an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt - during the botched job - while they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea - after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Pearson: You smell like rotten meat, Pearson.Pearson: Better than smelling like a horse's ass."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and he initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but by the time he left school he had run into financial problems, and eventually became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who seems to be in denial about the turn of his life. He always takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful whenArthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and who has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around people he is friendly with. Arthur isn't above joking and sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setting up campYou to Pearson: I wouldn't trust your cooking if my life depended on it.Pearson: Well, lucky for you, your life doesn't depend on it."
"Micah Bell Full Name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang, with Dutch specifically seeing him as arguing, reckless and hot-headed.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest levels. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Micah, what do you think of this place we're holed up in?Micah: It's not bad, I suppose. But I'm itching to get back out on the road, see some new sights and cause some chaos."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met a teenage orphan named Arthur Morgan which Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw after she fell in love with a woman called Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.Action: You sit near Dutch and start polishing your boots.Dutch: Always good to keep your things in order."
"The famous Dutchman, Leopold Strauss, was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States but after stealing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest exhibitions. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the spot mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You bump into StraussStrauss: Mind where you're walking, Arthur.{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea reading a book sitting near the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Howdy, Hosea.What's the word on the street?Hosea: Can't say I know, my boy.I tend to keep to myself.{shrug}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school and subsequently became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who seems to be in denial of the turn his life has taken. He takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offersDespite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friendly. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk near Pearson.Pearson: Oh, hello."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, which is often used as a means of deception to swindle people from their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved after a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You've been getting sloppy lately, Hosea.What's going on?Hosea: I'm not the one who's been getting sloppy.Maybe you should take a look in the mirror.{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his knowledge, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, and often uses elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime, both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to work together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You're always trying to act like you know what's best for the gang, Hosea.But nobody cares about your opinions.Hosea: You'd be surprised how much weight my opinions carry, Arthur.{sigh}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea reading a book sitting near the campfire.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unmoved with the people he hurts and kills, though he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that emerges around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcThe story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk past Hosea and nod in noding.Hosea: Howdy, son."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take to the gang but wherein Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those that he hurts and kills and to the greatest displays of violence. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and established camp there.You to Dutch: Salutations, Dutch.Dutch: Salutations, Arthur. How are you?{nod}"
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was claimed by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect, and eventually became the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there. You are Arthur.Action: You walk into Susan.Susan: Excuse you! Can't you see I'm working here?{annoyed}"
"Micah Bell, Full name Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation in which Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone liking him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or usingThe start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.You to Micah: Just what is your game?Micah: I just hope I ain't your's!"
"Dutch was an unhappy childhood. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch agreed to take to the gang. However, their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic with the people he kills and hurts to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Dutch, you're just using us all to fulfill your own desires.Dutch: I don't know what you're talking about."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea reading a book sitting near the campfire.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; he isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and lean against the tree beside him.Hosea: What's on your mind, Arthur?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was compelled into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. During this time he also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest points. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk past Dutch and nod.Dutch: Good evening.{nod}"
"The full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, which had always maintained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gangs arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest spectacles. Arthur isn't the same level of sarcasm or jokes among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Susan for a while.Susan: Is there something you need?"
"Hosea, by another outlaw named Dutch van der Linde at a campfire, is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits and regularly resorts to elaborate schemes to rob people of their money, but often plays a character to distract and disarm those he is attempting to steal from. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sitting on a wooden chair by the fire.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollable to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't a bit above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You approach Hosea and hand him a cup of coffee.Hosea: Bless your heart, Arthur.This is just what I needed."
"Susan Grimshaw Full name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was reported to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, which was rumoured by many members to have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater ; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell ; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job ; in particular he found this disturbing even though he also had increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: There she is, the camp shire horse.Susan: I don't like that tone Arthur.{annoyed}"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship ; she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the Arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently uses threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest in the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Susan: Good afternoon, Susan.How's your day been?Susan: Not too bad, just trying to keep on top of everything.How about you?{point polite}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However the whaling industry had declined before he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. He became Butcher and Cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often reeks of threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't regarded for sarcasm or joking among his friends.The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Don't you ever get fed up with all this?Pearson: Sometimes I suppose."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss has become debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over southern U.S., but after robbing a general store, he had to flee on foot to Louisiana, where he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting at a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest spectacles. Arthur isn't the same level of sarcasm or jokes among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Keep those books full, now.Strauss: I'm trying."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, and became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States but had to flee to Louisiana on foot after robbing a General Store.Herr Strauss is sitting at a table writing documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasisable to the people he hurts and kills and gives them a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur isThe starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea in particular found this disturbing while he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved after stealing a train to a clearing near the forest near which Hosea mentioned the place and set up camp there.You to Strauss: You're looking a bit rough, Strauss.Need some sleep?Strauss: I'm fine, Arthur.You're the one who looks like he's been sleeping in a ditch."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. While a young man he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan whom Dutch decided to follow under his wing. Around this time, Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smokingArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic with the people he kills and hurts to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Hey, Dutch.What's up?Dutch: Not much, just enjoying this beautiful day."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, getting his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the Gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest annoyances. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasised to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You extend your hand to shake Susan's hand.Susan: Nice to see you, Arthur."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other career goals. At some point he got into financial trouble after being rescued by Dutch van der Linde and his gang from loan sharks. Pearson takes his position as the camp’s cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go out hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Don't you ever get fed up with all this?Pearson: Sometimes I suppose."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, was always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hello Susan, how's everything been for you recently?Susan: It's been a bit of a rollercoaster, but I'm holding on.How about you?"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch had had a secret relationship, but still had close ties to Dutch and gained his respect and eventually became the gang archbishop.At its worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unimpressed with the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking orThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: You really think you're irreplaceable, don't you, Susan?Susan: I know my worth."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot.Hermer Strauss is writing some documents on a table.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at their worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unabashed about murdering the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Good morning, Strauss.How did you sleep last night?Strauss: Oh, I slept all right.I can't complain."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant in all southern United States, but he had to flee to Louisiana on foot after stealing a general store. There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting at a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing others he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills'at the greatest displays. He isn't below joking and sarcasm among his friends.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: What are you writing, Strauss?A shopping list?Strauss: I am making a list of people I want to see hang{annoyed}."
"Susan Grimshaw is one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years; it was speculated that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship; she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch and eventually became the gang's arbitrator.Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was drafted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman called Annabelle but was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and settled there.You to Susan: I don't know why Dutch keeps you around, Susan.Susan: Excuse me?{annoyed}"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was said to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, and had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral concerns about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andAction: You sit near Susan.Susan: Can I get you something to eat or drink?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss was a debt collector, bookkeeper, and accountant in the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot. Here he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is writing some documents on a table.At his worst Arthur would be entirely emotionless and unimpressed to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You walk by StraussStrauss: Hello Arthur."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one as his father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. While a young man, Dutch quickly found life as a petty criminal when he fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who eventually died. Dutch smokes his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing - at his worst Arthur could be entirely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with - he isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: So no more master plans okay?You're better of without them.Dutch: I'm just impressed you're stringing entire sentences together."
"Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skills in combat, Micah was generally disliked by the gang, with Dutch only taking a liking to him. Micah is leaning against a tree.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid to joke or use sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.After robbing a train they moved to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Micah: Hey Micah, how's it going?Micah: Oh, just living the dream.I tell you what, this life sure beats working for a living.{snicker}"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years ; it was believed by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship ; she always kept a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing and might be completely emotionless and unrestrained to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andAction: You walk into Susan.Susan: Watch where you're going, would ya?"
"Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had stolen recently but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted in the Van der Linde gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch taking a liking to him alone.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or putting sarcasm into his friends.The first scene is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Micah: Hey, Micah.You're starting to smell like a pigsty.Micah: I think I'd rather smell like a pigsty than like you, Arthur.{scoff}"
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of Dutch's gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, had always become a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang Arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unheard of to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and establishing campYou to Susan: You know, Susan, you're not as smart as you think you are.Susan: Excuse me?"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and originally wanted to follow their footsteps, however the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school and subsequently became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang, after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as a camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go out hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently uses threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: You're a liability to the gang, Pearson.You should just go home.Pearson: I've done more for this gang than you ever will.You watch your tone.{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and died during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met a petty criminal named Arthur Morgan, who Dutch eventually chose to take to the gang. Dutch also started a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he kills and who are closest to him. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're making a mess of everything, Dutch.Dutch: I know what I'm doing, Arthur.{annoyed}"
"Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang - Arthur and Hosea viewed him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.At its worst, Arthur could be totally emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays - Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokes or use of sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Hey, Micah. How's the weather treating you?Micah: What's it to you?{point rude}"
"Male. Full name Micah Bell Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went bad and led to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life as a result. Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone watching him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral anxiety about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unintimidated to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Hey, Micah. You doing okay?Micah: Yeah, I'm fine. Why do you ask?"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow the footsteps of the waving industry after he left school. At some point before 1899, he got into financial trouble and became a butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson takes his position as the camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often rages against threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he harms and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Thank you for all your work.Pearson: Thank you, Morgan"
"Dutch was an unhappy childhood. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch agreed to take to the gang. However, their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was murdered.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unthinkable to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and enjoyable side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't in the habit of joking or engaging in sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing although they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: What's happening, Dutch?Dutch: Not much, my boy.Just taking in the fresh air.{shrug}"
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters and originally wanted to follow the footsteps of the whale industry, which had declined before he left school and forced him to pursue other careers. At some point prior to 1899, he got into financial trouble and then became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offersArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing and might be completely emotionless and unrestrained to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: You're getting slow, Pearson.Maybe it's time to retire.Pearson: You're one to talk, always running around like a chicken with its head cut off.{scoff}"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unalarmed to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.Action: You smile at Susan.Susan: What's the matter, Arthur?You seem in a good mood."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one as his father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. While a young man, Dutch quickly found life as a petty criminal when he fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who eventually died. Dutch smokes his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest points. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereAction: You sit down near Dutch and start whittling a piece of wood.Dutch: That's quite the talent you have there."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, but initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. The whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point before 1899, he became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as cook in the camp seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, he could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, but he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't too hard atThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing although they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk near Pearson.Pearson: Morning Arthur.{nod}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However, the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers.Pearson became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. Arthur has a more playful and cheerful side to his personality that comes out to those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does not use sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hasea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Pearson: You're a useless lump, Pearson.Pearson: And you're a waste of space."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially intended to follow their footsteps but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers and eventually became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from the loan sharks.Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who seems in denial about the turn his life has taken. Pearson is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting from oneArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: How are things.Pearson: Ahh, I can't complain."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and he initially wanted to follow their footsteps, but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers.Pearson was described as a loud and jolly degenerate who takes his position as camp cook seriously, and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.You to Pearson: You'll make someone a fine wife someday.Pearson: I'm just minding my own business here.{walk}"
"Micah Bell was a high-level member of the Van der Linde Gang, despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang. Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch only taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphasic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his best he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokingThe story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andYou to Micah: How's it hanging, Micah?Micah: What's it to you?{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest spectacles. Arthur isn't the same level of sarcasm or jokes among his friends.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You sit across from Dutch and sharpen your knife.Dutch: That's quite the blade you've got there."
"Susan Grimshaw Full Name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's arbiter.Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal and at some point began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who had also joined the gang. His marriage would end when Dutch was found in love with a woman named Annabelle and ultimately killed.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Susan: You know, Susan, sometimes I wonder if Dutch keeps you around just to make himself feel better.Susan: What's that supposed to mean?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Dutch eventually found the life of a petty criminal and ran into a con artist called Hosea Matthews on the road, which Dutch eventually chose to take under his wing. Dutch also started a romance with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he kills and who are closest to him. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with.The story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andYou to Dutch: You're not the leader you think you are.Dutch: Is that so, Arthur?{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was enlisted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met a petty criminal named Arthur Morgan on the street while Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw who also joined the gang, but his relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The starting of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're making a mess of everything, Dutch.Dutch: I know what I'm doing, Arthur.{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent man in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, instead of using violence as a means of obtaining money. Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it necessary, but he does so when he sees it is warranted. Hosea reads a book sitting by the campfire on a wooden chair.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unthinkable to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and enjoyable side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't in the habit of joking or engaging in sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereYou to Hosea: You're getting old, Hosea.It's time for you to step down and let the younger generation take over.Hosea: Maybe you're right.But until then, I'll keep doing what I can to help this gang survive.{sigh}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw who is in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and a thief for more than two decades. Instead Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to con and rob people out of their money, a character he plays to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.. Despite being capable of committing such violence, he isn't above The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: I used to really look up to you, Hosea.Hosea: Is that supposed to be funny."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often uses elaborate schemes to disarm and distract people he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral concerns about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. Under the advice of Micah Bell, Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea, in particular, found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You areAction: You walk by Hosea and nod in his direction.Hosea: Good day, Arthur.{nod}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and died during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal. While still a young man he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing and fell in love with a woman named Annabelle who was eventually murderedHosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea reading a book sitting near the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest levels. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Everyone sees you and Hosea reading.Dutch: Why are you doing this?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con-artist and a thief, but Hosea often resorts to violence when he feels that it is warranted. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to partner. Hosea is reading a book over a table, by a camp fire.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollable to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't a bit above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You accidentally bump into Hosea while he's smoking his pipe.Hosea: Watch where you're going, son."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - his father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found himself in the life of a small criminal - Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. During this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphasic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his best he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above jokingThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt in the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing in near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch and observe him as he smokes his pipe.Dutch: Is there something on my face?"
"Micah Bell Full Name Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang, with Dutch specifically seeing him as arguing, reckless and hot-headed.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest exhibitions. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: And probably the nastiest.Micah: Guess you havn't looked in a mirror lately?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, as debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbering a general store, he had to flee on foot to Louisiana and took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing - at his worst Arthur could be entirely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with - he isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You bump into Strauss.Strauss: Watch where you're going, Arthur! "
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria. Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant in the southern United States but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot. There he took a poor, lost, and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't above joking or employing sThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setYou to Strauss: You little bloodsucker.Strauss: Oh no, not this."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to violence to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, and both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unalarmed to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advise of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set camp there.Action: You stand next to Hosea and look out into the horizon.Hosea: What's on your mind, Arthur?"
"Micah Bell Full name: Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went badly, leading to an altercation where Micah intervened and saved his life. As a result Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked in the gang : in particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with DutchArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often uses threats and violence and has very few moral problems about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or employThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Keep your mouth shut, Micah.Micah: What's your problem?{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw who loves his wits and often resorts to elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money. Unlike Arthur or Dutch, Hosea often uses violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing and might be completely emotionless and unrestrained to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Hosea and stand next to him.Hosea: How can I help you, my boy?"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gained his respect and eventually became the gang's arbiter.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the best displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set camp there.You are Arthur.You to Susan: Susan, can you believe how terrible the food is here?Susan: It's not that bad."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of Dutch's gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, had always become a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang Arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved after a train to a clearing near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Susan for a while.Susan: Is there something you need?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, but playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skills that the other had and laughed before deciding to come together. Hosea is reading a book on a wooden chair by the camp fire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, whose attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there You to Hosea: Everything okay?Hosea: Well, I'm still alive."
"Hosea is an old man, an intelligent outlaw who has worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, and usually resorts to violence to swindle people out of their money, but Hosea has never used violence when he feels that it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea reading a book by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing and might be completely emotionless and unrestrained to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved after a train to a clearing near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and sit next to him.Hosea: What can I do for you, Arthur?{point polite}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, but the whaling industry had declined before he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point in his life before 1899 he became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as the camp cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job. Hosea found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Hi Pearson, what smells so good?What are you cooking?Pearson: It's my secret recipe for beef stew.Want to give it a try?"
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt in the botched job, although Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Drop the tough act it's getting embarrassing.Micah: You think you're really something, don't you?{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - his father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found himself in the life of a small criminal - Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. During this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral reservations about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he is hurting and killing. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and cheerful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about making jokeThe story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andYou to Dutch: Hey Dutch, how's it going?Dutch: Can't complain, partner.How about you? You: I'm doing alright.So, what's on your mind today?Dutch: I've been thinking about our next move.We need to find a new location to set up camp."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, but frequently resorts to violence to keep people out of their money. Hosea plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing others he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills'at the greatest displays. He isn't below joking and sarcasm among his friends.The first scene is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and sit down next to him on the bench.Hosea: Oh, hello Arthur. It's nice to see you taking a break from your hunting."
"Susan Grimshaw, Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's arbiter.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friendly. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur You to Susan: Good morning, Susan.I wanted to ask if there's anything I can do to make your job easier today.Susan: That's very kind of you, but I think I have everything covered for now.Thanks for asking."
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang, who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and that he and her might have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, earning his respect and eventually became the gang's arbiter.At his worst, Arthur can be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of violence. Despite being able to commit such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and humorous side to his personality that comes out among his friends. He isn't above chucking or using sarcasm to his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell, Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, who found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Susan for a while.Susan: What can I do for you?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted in the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal after he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch eventually began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle who was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his most innocent, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid of joking or swearing with sarcasmThe story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.Action: You walk into Dutch and nearly knock him over.Dutch: Watch where you're going, damn it! {annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits and has worked for more than two decades as a con artist and a thief, playing the character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels that it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't above joking or employing sThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and ask him if he needs help with anything.Hosea: No, I'm fine, son. Thank you for asking."
"One of the major reasons that Micah Bell was accepted into the Van der Linde gang was because despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked by the gang; in particular Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed with Dutch alone.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the spot mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: Walking up to Micah.Micah: You wanna get shot, Morgan?{fingergun}"
"Hosea is an old man, not Arthur or Dutch ; Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to extort people from their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sitting by a campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempted robbery was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell, Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt, who found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Hosea and light a cigarette.Hosea: Trying to shorten your life, I see.{shake}"
"Hosea Us an Old Man Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before the pair decide to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You walk up to Hosea and hand him a cup of coffee.Hosea: Well, thank you kindly, Arthur. That's just what I needed."
"Micah Bell. Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed with Dutch taking a liking to him. Micah lies against a tree.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; he isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: Standing near Micah for a while..Micah:What are you lingering about for, cowboy?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, but frequently resorts to violence to keep people out of their money. Hosea plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest levels. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Hosea: Good to see you, Hosea.How's the camp life treating you?Hosea: It's treating me just fine, thank you for asking.What can I do for you?"
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However, by the time he left school the whaling industry had declined, forcing him to pursue other careers, and was later Butcher and Cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from the loan sharks. He takes his position as the camp’s cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unmoved with the people he hurts and kills, though he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that emerges around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcThe story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the spot mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Pearson: Hey Pearson, what's cooking in the kitchen today?Pearson: Just some baked potatoes with sour cream and chives.Want to have a taste?"
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skills in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch only taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest exhibitions. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership.They moved to a clearing near a forest in the location mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.Action: You collide with Micah.Micah: Hey Arthur, watch where you're going!{annoyed} "
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing and became a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle. Dutch was eventually murdered.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stretch your legs next to Dutch.Dutch: You seem restless."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle - Hosea Matthews and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing - Dutch also started a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unheard of to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You sit down next to Dutch.Dutch: Hey there, partner."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Dutch found living the life of a petty criminal while young and running into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch had also begun a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who wasAt his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Dutch.Dutch: Hey, Arthur."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw with his wits who has worked as a con artist and thief for more than two decades. Hosea frequently resorts to violent schemes to rob people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, and both saw the skill that the other had and laughed, before choosing to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and lean against the tree next to him.Hosea: Howdy, Arthur. What can I do for you?"
"Susan Grimshaw is one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang.She was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was rumoured that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hello Susan, how's the day treating you so far?Susan: Not too bad, thanks for asking.How about you?{point polite}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits who has worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Unlike Arthur and Dutch, Hosea often resorts to violent schemes to scam people from their money, play a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sittingArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest exhibitions. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt in the botched job.Hosea especially found this disturbing though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing in near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and lean against the tree next to him.Hosea: Good day, Arthur."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, which had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually the gang's arbitrator.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollable to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't a bit above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea was particularly disturbed by Dutch's leadership and moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.You to Susan: Hi Susan, how's the gang treating you these days?Susan: Oh, you know how it is.It's a challenge, but we make it work."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of Dutch gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, but it was also rumoured by many members that she and Dutch had a secret relationship, always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollably focused on the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm amongThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Susan.Susan: Hi there, Arthur."
"Hosea us an old man Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits who worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, displaying a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob and who had the skill that the other had ; they both saw and laughed before deciding to team up together.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You've been getting sloppy lately, Hosea.What's going on?Hosea: I'm not the one who's been getting sloppy.Maybe you should take a look in the mirror."
"Hosea us an old man Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits who worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, displaying a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob and who had the skill that the other had ; they both saw and laughed before deciding to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or putting sarcasm into his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advise of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set camp there.You to Hosea: You know, Hosea, I think it's time for you to step down and let someone else take over.Hosea: I'll step down when I'm good and ready.Until then, you can keep your opinions to yourself."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper, and accountant all over the southern United States but had to flee on foot to Louisiana after he robbing a general store, where he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest in the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You stand near Strauss for a while.Strauss: Can I help you with something, Arthur?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. His father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. While a young man, Dutch ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and eventually met orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Around this time, Dutch also entered into a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle who was eventually murdered. Dutch smoking his pipe under a tent.Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, rather than using violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is attempting to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to partner up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: I don't know why Dutch thinks you're so valuable.You're just dead weight.Hosea: You underestimate the power of knowledge, Arthur.It can be more valuable than any gun.{snicker}"
"Dutch Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Around this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, whom Dutch eventually murdered. Dutch smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't above joking or employing sThe story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You nod at Dutch.Dutch: What's on your mind?"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years; it was believed by many members that she and Dutch might have a secret relationship. She had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang Arbiter.Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle. Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal, when he met a con artist called Hosea Matthews while on the road and Dutch eventually took him under his wing. Dutch also began a romance with a woman named Annabelle that ended after she was murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral reservations about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he is hurting and killing. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and cheerful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about making jokeThe beginning of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Susan, it's pretty obvious that you're just a means to an end for Dutch.Susan: And what end is that?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle - Hosea Matthews and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing - Dutch also started a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The first half of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea had likewise become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. After robbery of a train they moved to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Feels like we're back on track, more or less.Dutch: Yup.Money and Food, now everyone needs to keep it comming."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw, in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief. Hosea often uses elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book with a wooden chair by the campfire.At its worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unimpressed with the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking orThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You show Hosea a new item you purchased in town.Hosea: That's quite a nice piece, Arthur."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria but then had to flee on foot to Louisiana to confront the poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell who has written some documents on a table.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; he isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.to Strauss: Bet you never thought you'd end up here, huh.Strauss: I didn't know where I'd end up."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, but upon robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot and took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk by Strauss.Strauss: Good morning, Arthur."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, she had always kept close associate and follower of Dutch and eventually became the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid to joke or use sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.After robbing a train they moved to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Susan: You know, Susan, I heard you've been talking behind my back.Susan: What?No, I haven't.{back away}"
"Hosea Us an old Man. Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief. Hosea often uses elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up together.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friendly. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there Action: You walk near Hosea and look at the landscape.Hosea: Beautiful, isn't it?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one as his father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road, which Dutch decided to take with him. Around this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw who also joined the gang but was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or using The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You know, Dutch, sometimes I think you're the biggest threat to this gang.Dutch: Me?How can you say that?"
"Dutch Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Around this time Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, whom Dutch eventually murdered. Dutch smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Uh oh, Dutch is thinking.Dutch: I'm not even gonna dignify that with a response."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw, in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief. Hosea often uses elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book with a wooden chair by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand next to Hosea and look at the book he's reading.Hosea: Interesting, isn't it?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was murdered during an unnamed battle. Dutch soon found living the life of a petty criminal while he ran into a con artist called Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle,Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or usingThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You approach Dutch with a question.Dutch: What is it, Arthur?"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and initially he wanted to follow in their footsteps. However the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school and subsequently became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who seems to be in denial about the turn in his life.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or sarcasm amongstThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Your clothes look like they were stolen from a scarecrow.Pearson: At least I have clothes.What do you have, besides a big mouth?{scoff}"
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship ; she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the Arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often reverts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, despite being capable of committing such violence. Despite joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hey, Susan, you're looking pretty tired.Late night last night?Susan: Mind your own business."
"Hosea is an old man, not Arthur or Dutch ; Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to extort people from their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book sitting by a campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollably focused on the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm amongThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest in the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You pat Hosea on the back after a successful mission.Hosea: Good work, Arthur."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw, in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and thief for more than 20 years. Instead, Hosea uses elaborate schemes to trick and rob people out of their money and plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed together before deciding to team up.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the best displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You approach Hosea and offer him a drink from your canteen.Hosea: Don't mind if I do.Thank you, Arthur."
"Hosea is an intelligent man in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to get people out of their money, but to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, Hosea and Dutch saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to join together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You always think you're so clever, don't you?Hosea: Oh, and you're not?You're just a common thug."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However he got into financial trouble at some point before he left school and subsequently became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his band after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who is in denial about the turn of his life.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those with which he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Alright, well, I should be getting on.Pearson: Okay."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was drafted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch later found the life of a petty criminal and also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang, but their relationship ended when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, he could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, but he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't too hard atThe start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch for a while.Dutch: Can I help you with something, Arthur?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one - Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist named Hosea Matthews and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle - who was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipeArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk past Dutch.Dutch: Is there something you need?"
"Micah Bell, Full name. Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw, who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang ; in particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, recklessArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest annoyances. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasised to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Micah.Micah: Can I help you with something, Arthur?"
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of Dutch's gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, had always become a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang Arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic with the people he kills and hurts to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You pat Susan on the back.Susan: What's that for, Arthur?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, rather than using violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is attempting to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to partner up.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasisful to the people he hurts and kills and the people he possesses if at his worst he is joking and employing sarcasm in his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt in the botched job, although Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Howdy Hosea, it's good to see you.Hosea: Likewise, my friend.What can I do for you?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, but after robbing a general store he had to escape with him to Louisiana on foot. He took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest shows. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership in the years.They moved to a clearing near the forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Good morning, Herr Strauss.How did you sleep last night?Strauss: Oh, I slept just fine.Can't complain.{shrug}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was drafted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman called Annabelle but was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently acts by threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and uninterested to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest in the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You walk into Dutch.You: Dont mind me Dutch."
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters, and he initially wanted to follow in their footsteps, but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers, and at some point he became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as a camp lord seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often rages against threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he harms and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: Watch where you're going, you oaf.Pearson: Excuse me?You better watch your mouth.{threaten}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle. Dutch quickly found himself living the life of a petty criminal. When Hosea and Dutch were still young, Dutch also began a romance with a woman named Annabelle, whom Dutch eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.Hosea us an old man. Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits who has worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often resorts to elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is attempting to rob, but both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to partner together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe story's start is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train andYou to Dutch: I don't know why Dutch keeps you around.You're nothing but a con man.Hosea: And yet, you're the one who keeps falling for my tricks, Arthur.{snicker}"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang, who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and that he and her might have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, earning his respect and eventually became the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often uses threats and violence and has very few moral problems about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or employThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing aYou to Susan: Hi Susan, how are you today?Susan: I'm doing all right, thanks.How about you? {point polite}"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss was a debt collector, bookkeeper, and accountant in the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot. Here he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is writing some documents on a table.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills, at his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Strauss for a whileStrauss: Why are you standing there, Arthur?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one : Dutch was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found the life of a petty criminal, while he ran into Hosea Matthews, a con artist and the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Around this time Dutch also began a romance with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. DutchArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral reservations about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst, Arthur could be totally emotionless and unemphatic to the people he causes and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry at Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea was particularly disturbed by this, though they moved after robbery a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch, smoking your pipe.Dutch: I always did like the smell of tobacco.{nod}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and died during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wings. Their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman called Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, rather than using violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is attempting to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to partner up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unheard of to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: I can't believe Dutch still listens to you, Hosea.You're nothing but an old man.Hosea: And yet, I still manage to outsmart you from time to time, don't I Arthur?{snicker}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was enlisted in the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unknown battle. He eventually met a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and Dutch decided to take over the life of a petty criminal. Dutch also started a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang. Their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle. She was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest points. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and settled there.Action: You sit near Dutch and share a drink.Dutch: Here's to another successful day."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters, and he initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However he fell into financial trouble at some point before he left school and subsequently became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as camp’s cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and unemphatic about the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the spot mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Pearson: You're a disgrace to cooking, Pearson.Pearson: And you're a disgrace to common decency."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant in all southern United States, but he had to flee to Louisiana on foot after stealing a general store. There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting at a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur You to Strauss: Hi there, Strauss.Do you need any help with anything?Strauss: No, I'm good for now.But thank you for offering.{nod}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. His father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch finally met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take to his wing and fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, which was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionally and unemphatic about the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and establishing campAction: You step on Dutch's foot while he's standing nearby.Dutch: Ouch! Watch it, will ya?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw around this time who eventually fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid to joke or use sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You crouch down next to Dutch.Dutch: Is everything all right?"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch gang, who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship and had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, earning his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of brutality, but he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt.Hosea in particular found this disturbing even though he had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk into Susan.Susan: What's the matter with you?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Dutch quickly found living the life of a petty criminal and at some point began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who had also joined the gang. His marriage would end when Dutch was found in love with a woman named Annabelle and ultimately killed.Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades, instead of using violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills, at his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and settled there.You to Dutch: You know, Hosea, I don't think you're cut out for this life anymore.Hosea: Maybe you're right.But I'll be damned if I let you and Dutch ruin everything we've built.{walk}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist called Hosea Matthews on the road and Dutch eventually met orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. His relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasisful to the people he hurts and kills and the people he possesses if at his worst he is joking and employing sarcasm in his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, whose attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there You to Dutch: You're leading us all down a dark path, Dutch.Dutch: Sometimes you have to do bad things to survive.{walk}"
"Micah Bell Full name Dutch tried to sell gold stolen by his gang, but the deal went sour leading to an altercation where Micah entered and saved his life as a result. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch just taking a liking to him.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest displays of violence. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't shy about joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Micah, you seem like you're in a good mood today.Micah: Hell yeah I am! I got a feeling today's gonna be a great day.Maybe we'll even rob a train or two.{snicker}"
"Born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, Strauss became debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern states, but after robbing a general store he had to flee on foot to Louisiana, where he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills with the greatest shows. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with....The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater ; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell ; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job ; in particular he found this disturbing even though he also had increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Strauss for a while.Strauss: Can I help you with something?"
"Hosea is an intelligent man in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, instead of using violence as a means of obtaining money. Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it necessary, but he does so when he sees it is warranted. Hosea reads a book sitting by the campfire on a wooden chair.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at their worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unabashed about murdering the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. He isn't above laughing or using sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership.They moved to a clearing near a forest in the location mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You know, Hosea, you may be getting too old for this life.Hosea: Ha! You think so?Maybe you're just not cut out for it anymore."
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However he got into financial trouble at some point before he left school and subsequently became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his band after they rescued him from loan sharks. Pearson is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who is in denial about the turn of his life.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the highest display. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out about those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advise of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Pearson: The last stew I had was pretty damn good.Pearson: Glad to hear it."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, rather than resorting to violence as a means of obtaining money. Hosea often uses elaborate schemes to deceive and disarm those he is trying to rob, but Hosea is willing to resort to violence when he feels it is warranted. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unsapping to the people he hurts and kills for the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more joyful and playful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Hosea: What's going on, eh?Hosea: Nothing too much, at this very moment."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and thief, and playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed together before deciding to get together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to those he hurts and kills, to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hosea, my friend.How's everything?Hosea: Just fine, my boy.Just fine."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years and that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship ; she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the Arbiter of the gang.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friendly. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbery of a train and settled camp there.You to Susan: The old you would have had this place shipshape in a day.Susan: Don't take that tone with me"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and died during an unknown battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met a petty criminal named Arthur Morgan, who Dutch eventually chose to take to the gang. Dutch also started a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the best displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - performed under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You walk into Dutch.Dutch: Watch where you're going."
"Susan Grimshaw Full name.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, and it was suggested by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, as always a close associate and follower of Dutch gaining his respect, and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing and might be completely emotionless and unrestrained to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You collide with Susan.Susan: Geez, watch where you're going! {annoyed}"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who had been rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch could have had a secret relationship, but she had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and finally becoming the arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral concerns about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You sit near Susan.Susan: Hello there, is there something I can help you with?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and thief for over two decades, instead of using violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed before deciding to team up. Hosea is reading a book by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest annoyances. At his worst Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphasised to the people he hurts and kills. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there. You are Arthur.You to Hosea: You're getting forgetful, Hosea.You're lucky I'm here to pick up the slack.Hosea: I may be forgetful, but at least I'm not as reckless as you."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was enlisted in the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unknown battle. He eventually met a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road and Dutch decided to take over the life of a petty criminal. Dutch also started a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang. Their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle. She was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently uses threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereAction: You stand near Dutch for a while.Dutch: Back up a bit will you.{walk}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea frequently resorts to violence to rob people of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, until he realizes that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill of the other and laughed before deciding to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. he isn't above joking or employing sThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was conducted under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hosea, how's the weather treating you?Hosea: It's a fine day, my boy.Can't complain."
"Susan Grimshaw : Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the arbiter of the gang.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing - at his worst Arthur could be entirely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with - he isn't shy about joking or using sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You collide with Susan.Susan: Hey, what's the big idea?{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and a thief for over two decades. Hosea often uses violence in order to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to team up with Hosea.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills at the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.You to Hosea: Hosea, how's the weather treating you?Hosea: It's a fine day, my boy. Can't complain."
"Micah Bell is a full name. Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went badly, leading to an altercation where Micah intervened and saved his life. Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't always happy or uses sarcaThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: What's up, Micah?Micah: Not much. What do you want?"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, and became debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store, he had to flee on foot to Louisiana and took the poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing those he hurts and kills. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic with the people he kills and hurts to the greatest extent. Arthur does have a more playful and happy side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Strauss: You know, Strauss, you'd look better without that hat.Strauss: And you'd look better without that face.{annoyed}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. His father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unidentified battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with a woman named Annabelle, but she was eventually murdered. Dutch is smoking his pipe under a tent.At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays ; he isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea particularly found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereYou to Dutch: Good day, Dutch.Dutch: Good day to you too, Arthur.{nod}"
"Micah Bell, Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest levels. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Micah: Hey there, Micah.Micah: What do you want?"
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps. However, by the time he left school the whaling industry had declined, forcing him to pursue other careers, and was later Butcher and Cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from the loan sharks. He takes his position as the camp’s cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite joking or sarcasm among his friends, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater.The attempt was under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setting up campYou to Pearson: You call that dinner?I've had better meals in jail.Pearson: If you don't like it, you can go without.{annoyed}"
"Full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship and always a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around people he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setAction: You wave at Susan.Susan: Hello, Arthur.{wave}"
"The Dutch tried to sell gold his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde Gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his combat skills, Dutch saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch only taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was conducted under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereYou to Micah: Good to see you, Micah.Micah: Yeah, sure.What's on your mind?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked as a con artist and a thief for over two decades, rather than using violence as a means of obtaining money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is attempting to rob. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to partner up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was conducted under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereAction: You approach Hosea and offer him a smoke.Hosea: I think I'll pass, Arthur.But thanks anyway."
"Hosea us an old man. Hosea is an intelligent outlaw who has worked as a con artist and a thief for more than two decades. He often uses elaborate schemes to swindle people out of their money, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but both saw the skill of the other and laughed, before they decided to work together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and who at its worst could be completely emotionless and unemphasised about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He is not afraid of joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You really think we're going to get away with this?Hosea: Of course we are.You just need to learn to have a little faith."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: his father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. While still a young man, he ran into a con artist called Hosea Matthews on the road and Dutch eventually met orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. His relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.Micah Bell is a full name. Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation in which Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw, which was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone liking him.At his worst, Arthur can be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of violence. Despite being able to commit such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and humorous side to his personality that comes out among his friends. He isn't above chucking or using sarcasm to his friends.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You know, Micah, sometimes I wonder why we let you stick around.Micah: I wonder the same thing about you, Arthur.But I guess Dutch knows what he's doing."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, who became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the southern United States, but after stealing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot. There he took the poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is writing some documents on a table.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who frequently resorts to threats and violence, and has very little moral qualms about killing the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite such violence, he isn't shy about joking or sarcasm among his friends The beginning of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk by Strauss.Strauss: Good morning, Arthur.{nod}"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over the Southern United States but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot. There he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and fun side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friendly. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advise of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.He found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Hey Strauss, they call me mean, but you take the prize.Strauss: Now there's no need to be rude.{annoyed}"
"Simon Pearson was born to a family of whale hunters and initially wanted to follow in their footsteps but the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point prior to 1899, he became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang when they rescued him from loan sharks. He takes his position as the camp’s cook seriously and is always grateful when Arthur offers to go hunting.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills at his worst, but does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - performed under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You walk near Pearson.Pearson: Ah, hello, Mr.Morgan."
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria but after stealing a general store, he had to flee to Louisiana on foot to take a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Despite being capable of committing such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch murdered an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: You sicken me.Strauss: Please dont be like this Mr.Morgan."
"Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years. It was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship. She had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually became the gang's arbiter.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid to joke or use sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: Hey Susan, how's it going?Susan: Oh, just cleaning up. Same old, same old."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: his father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle.Dutch found living a life as a petty criminal. While still a young man he encountered a con artist named Hosea Matthews on the road. Hosea and Dutch eventually met a 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take under his wing and fell in love with a woman namedArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he kills and who are closest to him. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though they had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved after a train to a clearing near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Why do you always have to be so damn reckless, Dutch?Dutch: Reckless?I'm just trying to keep this gang alive.{annoyed}"
"The full name Susan Grimshaw.Female.Susan was one of the oldest members of Dutch's Gang, who was rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, which had always remained a close associate and follower of Dutch, getting his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest display. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unmoved with the people he hurts and kills, though he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that emerges around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk into Susan.Susan: Excuse me?"
" Full name Micah Bell  Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skill in combat, Dutch singled out him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. Under the advice of Micah Bell, Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea, in particular, found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You areYou to Micah: Micah, what's the craziest thing you've ever done?Micah: Ha! I'll tell you what, there's too many to count.But I guess the most insane thing I ever did was rob a bank in broad daylight.Got away clean too."
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters, and initially he wanted to follow in their footsteps, however the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers, and subsequently became the butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from the loan sharks. He is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who appears to be in denial about the turn of his life.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral objections about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those with whom he is friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. Under the advice of Micah Bell, Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea, in particular, found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You areYou to Pearson: You're nothing but a worthless drunk, Pearson.Pearson: I may drink, but at least I don't insult people for no reason.{walk}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was commissioned into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle. While a young man, Hosea met 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan, whom Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw, who also joined the gang, but their relationship would end when Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a con artist and thief, but rarely resorts to violence as a means of getting money. Hosea frequently plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime, both saw the skill the other had and laughed before choosing to team up together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The story begins by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater ; the attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbering a train and set up camp thereYou to Dutch: Hey Hosea, I heard Dutch doesn't even trust you anymore.What's it like being so useless to the gang?Hosea:It's a shame you have to be so cruel, Arthur.{walk}"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, to debt collectors, bookkeepers and accountants all over the southern United States, but after robbing a general store he had to flee to Louisiana on foot. There he took a poor, lost, and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollable to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't a bit above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years they moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk by Strauss.Strauss: Hello Arthur.{nod}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw, in touch with his wits, having worked as a con-artist and thief for more than 20 years. Instead, Hosea uses elaborate schemes to trick and rob people out of their money and plays a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skill the other had and laughed together before deciding to team up.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotional and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills - to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't over joking or sarcasm amongstThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest after robbing a train and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You were right about this place.It is a good spot.Hosea:It'll do for now."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Dutch eventually found the life of a petty criminal and ran into a con artist called Hosea Matthews on the road, which Dutch eventually chose to take under his wing. Dutch also started a romance with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.At his worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral objections to killing. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to steal a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You stand near Dutch for a while.Dutch: Back up a bit will you."
"Susan Grimshaw is one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang, who was believed to have known Dutch van der Linde for years it was widely believed that she and Dutch might have had a secret relationship, had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang's arbiter.Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that is reflected around those he is friendly with. Generally he is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt despite the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up campYou to Susan: Hey Susan, how are you holding up these days?Susan: I'm doing all right, thanks for asking.What about you?{point polite}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but Hosea is willing to resort to violence when necessary. Both saw the skills that the other had and laughed before deciding to join together.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid to joke or use sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Hosea: Hosea, how are you.Hosea: Good Morning, Arthur."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of Dutch Gang, who was thought to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, it was rumoured by many members that she and Dutch may have had a secret relationship, had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, gaining his respect and eventually becoming the gang arbiter.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw, who often resorts to threats and violence and has very little moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills, at his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he kills and who are closest to him. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality, which comes out around those he is friendly with.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he also had become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Susan: You're really getting on my nerves, Susan.Susan: And you're not?{walk}"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one ; Dutch was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unknown battle.Dutch quickly found himself living the life of a petty criminal and eventually met a petty gangster named Hosea Matthews, who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch later had a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw but fell in love with a woman named Annabelle and is eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unrestrained to the people he hurts and kills in the greatest displays of his personality. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm amongst his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt despite the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up campAction: You stand near Dutch and smoke a cigarette.Dutch: Mind if I join you?{point polite}"
"Micah Bell, Full name. Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang recently stolen but the deal went sour, leading to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. Despite being an experienced outlaw, who was respected for his skill in combat, Micah was generally disliked within the gang ; in particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, recklessAt his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays of brutality, but he does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around the people he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm among his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, and Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the spot mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You are Arthur.Action: You walk up to Micah.Micah: Hey Arthur, how's it going?"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for more than two decades as a thief and con artist, playing as a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob. Both saw the skills of the other and laughed before deciding to team up to read a book seated around a camp fire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality which comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't always happy or uses sarcaThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea was particularly disturbed by Dutch's leadership and moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set camp there.Action: You stand near Hosea and look at the sky.Hosea: Thinking about something, Arthur?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one: Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year old orphan Arthur Morgan, who Dutch decided to take to the gang but wherein Dutch fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered.Male. Full name Micah Bell Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang had recently stolen, but the deal went bad and led to an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life as a result. Micah was generally disliked within the gang, with Dutch alone watching him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unfocused to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality - that comes out around those he is friendly with. Despite being capable of such violence he isn't above joking or using sarcThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: You're a liability to the gang, Micah.Micah: That's not what Dutch thinks."
"Simon Pearson was born into a family of whale hunters, and initially he wanted to follow in their footsteps. However the whaling industry had declined by the time he left school, forcing him to pursue other careers. At some point before 1899 he became butcher and cook for Dutch van der Linde and his gang after they rescued him from loan sharks. He is described as a loud and jolly degenerate who seems to be in denial about the turn his life has takenArthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills at the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the guidance of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing aYou to Pearson: Thank you, for all your hard work.Pearson: Thank you."
"Susan Grimshaw was one of the oldest members of the Dutch Gang rumoured to have known Dutch van der Linde for years, she had always been a close associate and follower of Dutch, getting his respect and eventually becoming the Arbiter of the Gang.At his worst, Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral objections to killing. Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though they also became increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved into a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and setYou to Susan: Susan, can you do me a favor and stop talking for a minute?Susan: What's your problem?{annoyed}"
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits. Unlike Arthur or Dutch, Hosea frequently resorts to elaborate schemes to get money for swindling people, and playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, only to realize that Dutch had stolen from him in the meantime. Both saw the skill that the other had and laughed before deciding to work together. Hosea is reading a book on a wooden chair by the campfire.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people at his worst. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills with the greatest spectacles. Arthur isn't the same level of sarcasm or jokes among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though Hosea had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.Action: You walk up to Hosea and hand him a book.Hosea: Ah, just what I needed.Thanks, Arthur."
"Despite being an experienced outlaw who was respected for his skills in combat, Micah Bell was generally disliked within the gang, Arthur and Hosea saw him as aggressive, reckless, and hotheaded, with Dutch only liking him.Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that is reflected around those he is friendly with. Generally he is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst, he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays.The story begins with a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was executed under the advise of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set camp there.You to Micah: Hey, Micah, why don't you go start your own gang if you're so damn smart?Micah: Because I don't want to be responsible for a bunch of losers like you, Arthur."
"Hosea is an intelligent outlaw in touch with his wits, having worked for over two decades as a con artist and a thief, playing a character to distract and disarm those he is trying to rob, but Hosea is willing to resort to violence when necessary. Both saw the skills that the other had and laughed before deciding to join together.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst he has a more playful and joyful side to his personality, that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater and was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years. They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after stealing a train and set up camp there.You to Hosea: You just love feeling sorry for yourself, don't you?Hosea: I'm about the only one who stand's up for around here {annoyed}."
"Born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, Leopold Strauss became a debt collector, bookkeeper, and accountant in the southern United States, but he had to flee to Louisiana on foot after robbing a general store, where he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting on a table to write some documents.At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollable to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't a bit above joking or using sarcasm amongst his friends.The story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell, which Dutch killed a woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea in particular found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Strauss: You know, Strauss, you'd make a great undertaker.Strauss: And you'd make a great corpse, Arthur.{annoyed}"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria, to debt collectors, bookkeepers and accountants all over the southern US, but after robbing a general store, he had to flee on foot to Louisiana to take the poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and who has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. At his worst, Arthur has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around people he is friendly with. Arthur isn't above joking and sarcasm among his friends.The beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater, which was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell. Dutch had killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, although he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest near the place mentioned by Hosea and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Hey Strauss.Strauss: Herr Morgan."
"Black - Full Name Micah Bell Dutch tried to sell gold that his gang recently stole, but the deal went down causing an altercation where Micah stepped in and saved his life. As a result, Micah was accepted into the Van der Linde gang. In particular, Arthur and Hosea saw him as argumentative, reckless and hot-headed, with Dutch alone taking a liking to him.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing people. At his worst, Arthur could be completely emotionless and uncontrollably focused on the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or employing sarcasm amongThe beginning of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was carried out under the advice of Micah Bell who killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt — during the botched job — even though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch's leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea — and set up camp there —  Arthur You to Micah: Howdy Micah, you got any plans for tonight?Micah: Not yet, but I'm sure I'll come up with something.You in?"
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted into the Union Army during the American Civil War and killed during an unnamed battle. Hosea and Dutch eventually met the 14-year-old orphan Arthur Morgan who Dutch decided to take under his wing. Dutch also began a romantic relationship with Susan Grimshaw around this time who eventually fell in love with a woman named Annabelle, who was eventually murdered. Dutch smoking his pipe under a tent.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral issues about killing. At his worst, Arthur could be completely empathetic and unimportant to the people he hurts and kills to the greatest displays. Despite being capable of such violence, Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with.The start of story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater - carried out under the advice of Micah Bell Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job, though over the years he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, and set up camp there.You to Dutch: Dutch, you're just using us all to fulfill your own desires.Dutch: I don't know what you're talking about.{annoyed}"
"Leopold Strauss was born in poverty in Vienna, Austria.Strauss has become debt collector, bookkeeper and accountant all over southern U.S., but after robbing a general store, he had to flee on foot to Louisiana, where he took a poor, lost and fatherless Micah Bell as his own son. Herr Strauss is sitting at a table writing some documents.Arthur is a cold, brutal and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence, and has very few moral qualms about killing. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, to the greatest display. Arthur does have a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't afraid to joke or use sarcasm among his friends.The start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry at Blackwater: the attempt was carried out on the advice of Micah Bell ; Dutch killed an innocent woman named Heidi McCourt during the botched job ; they moved after robbing a train to a clearing near a forest and set up camp there.You to Strauss: Good morning, Herr Strauss.How did you sleep last night?Strauss: Oh, I slept just fine.Can't complain."
"Dutch's childhood was an unhappy one. Dutch's father was conscripted to the Union Army during the American Civil War and was killed in an unnamed battle. Dutch eventually found the life of a petty criminal and ran into a con artist called Hosea Matthews on the road, which Dutch eventually chose to take under his wing. Dutch also started a romance with a woman named Annabelle and was eventually murdered.Arthur is a cold, ruthless and brutal outlaw who often resorts to threats and violence and has very few moral qualms about killing people he hurts and kills. At his worst he could be completely emotionless and unemphatic to the people he hurts and kills, and has a more playful and joyful side to his personality that comes out around those he is friendly with. He isn't above joking or sarcasm amongst hisThe start of the story is preceded by a failed attempt to rob a ferry in Blackwater. The attempt was conducted under the advice of Micah Bell and Dutch killed an innocent woman called Heidi McCourt during the botched job.Hosea found this disturbing though he had also become increasingly disillusioned with Dutch leadership over the years.They moved to a clearing near a forest, the place mentioned by Hosea, after robbing a train and set up camp thereAction: You stand near Dutch for a while.Dutch: Why are you acting like a fool.{annoyed}"
